Biden Says U.S. Forces Would Defend Taiwan If China Invaded President issues vow as tensions with China rise.
‘Beautiful And Sad At The Same Time’: Ukrainian Cultural Festival Takes On A Deeper Meaning This Year An annual celebration took on a different feel as Russia's invasion dragged into Day 206.
"Biden Says Queen's Death Left 'Giant Hole' For Royal Family U.S. President Joe Biden, in London for the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II, says his heart went out to the royal family, adding the queen’s death left a “giant hole.”."
Bill To Help Afghans Who Escaped Taliban Faces Long Odds In The Senate Republican outrage over the shoddy U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan hasn’t spurred support for resettling refugees.
"Mark Meadows Complies With Justice Dept. Subpoena: Report The former White House chief of staff has turned over records as part of a federal investigation into the Jan. 6, 2021 assault on the Capitol."
Democrats Nominate Seth Magaziner In Key Rhode Island House Race The state's general treasurer is slated to face former Cranston Mayor Allan Fung (R) in the general election.
"Joe Biden Urges National Unity In Speech On Renewed ‘Cancer Moonshot’ ""Cancer does not discriminate red and blue,"" the president said Monday. ""Beating cancer is something we can do together."""
"Sen. Tim Scott Downplays Electability Concerns Over Struggling Senate GOP Candidates ""Who we have on the field is who we’re gonna play,” Scott told ""Fox News Sunday."""
Electability Is On The Ballot In Key Rhode Island House Primary Democrats in the state’s more moderate House district are deciding who will take on a popular Republican former mayor.
"In A Nod To JFK, Joe Biden Pushing 'Moonshot' To Fight Cancer Biden plans to draw attention to a new federally backed study that seeks to validate using blood tests to screen against multiple cancers."
"Biden Honors 9/11 Victims, Vows Commitment To Thwart Terror President Joe Biden has marked the 21st anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, taking part in a somber wreath-laying ceremony held at the Pentagon under a steady rain."
"US, Trump Team Propose Names For Arbiter In Mar-A-Lago Probe The Justice Department proposed two retired judges for the role. Trump’s team proposed a retired judge and a lawyer."
"Politician's DNA Connected To Las Vegas Journalist’s Murder, Police Say Clark County Public Administrator Robert Telles was arrested in the fatal stabbing of Jeff German, who had been investigating his office."
"Michigan Supreme Court Revives Abortion Rights Amendment For November's Ballot Opponents of the measure claimed typos made the qualifying petitions incomprehensible, but the state's highest court rejected that argument."
"Portland Residents With Disabilities Sue Over City's Blocked Sidewalks The lawsuit says allowing homeless people’s tents to block city sidewalks makes it difficult for people using wheelchairs, walkers or canes to use them."
"The Unemployment Insurance System Is Not Ready For The Next Recession States are cutting back, and Congress is unlikely to step in even after the pandemic exposed the unemployment system's shortcomings."
"Michigan Secretary of State Worried About ‘Violence And Disruption’ Going Into Midterms Jocelyn Benson said misinformation ""fuels the potential for additional threats, harassment and even violence on Election Day."""
"Uvalde Fourth Graders Waited An Hour With Wounded Teacher When Elsa Avila looks at the scar that runs down her torso, she can't help remember May 24, when a gunman stormed her fourth grade wing at Robb Elementary in Uvalde, Texas, killing 19 children and two teachers and leaving her and others wounded."
Trump-Endorsed Wisconsin Gubernatorial Candidate Tells Voters To Take Up Pitchforks Tim Michels calls on supporters to go after media following Milwaukee Journal Sentinel story reporting multimillionaire's donations to anti-abortion groups.
Former White House Counsel Pat Cipollone To Testify Before Grand Jury: Reports Cipollone's former deputy Patrick Philbin is also reportedly scheduled to provide testimony to the grand jury on Friday.
Rep. Jim Jordan's Judiciary Twitter Account Finds 'Threat' In Pic Of Docs At Trump Home The 36-page filing described how Trump and his representatives did not hand over classified materials at the property.
Mikhail Gorbachev's 1998 Pizza Hut Ad Resurfaces After His Death The Soviet Union's last leader reportedly earned nearly $1 million even though he refused to eat the pizza on camera.
"Republicans Ignore Trump's Hoarding Of Classified Documents The GOP is continuing to contort itself in defense of Donald Trump, despite new information relating to classified documents held at his Florida estate."
"‘Fox & Friends’ Host Questions Why Trump Kept Classified Documents At Mar-A-Lago ""These are the biggest secrets in the world,"" Steve Doocy said in response to the ex-president keeping top secret documents at his private residence."
Stocks Dive For Truth Social SPAC Amid Merger Delay It's one thing after another for Donald Trump's problem-plagued Truth Social.
"Secret Service Official And Ex-Trump Aide Tony Ornato Retires Amid Jan. 6 Probe Ornato, who at one point served as a White House political adviser, is said to have witnessed Trump lunge at a Secret Service agent during the Capitol attack."
House Members Are Using A Controversial Tool To Keep Campaigning. Has It Gone Too Far? House members are only supposed to use proxy voting when they cannot be present due to COVID-19. But that's not stopping representatives from voting remotely on the campaign trail.
"Lindsey Graham Warns Of 'Riots In Streets' If Trump Is Charged Over Classified Docs “Most Republicans, including me, believe when it comes to Trump, there is no law,"" Graham said on Fox News. ""It's all about getting him."""
"Kash Patel Says His Life's In Danger Because He's In FBI Affidavit In a message posted on Truth Social, Patel called it a “vicious attack from DOJ/FBI."""
FBI Probing Russian-Speaking Fake Heiress Who Infiltrated Mar-A-Lago: Report The startling case underscores the security challenges of Donald Trump’s resort even as the former president stashed top-secret U.S. government files there.
"Don Jr. Posts 'Dick Pic' Of Dad After Affidavit Release: 'Redact This!' ""Hang in there, Mr. President,"" goofs one die-hard fan."
Trump Attorneys File Do-Over Motion Regarding Mar-A-Lago Search The former president's legal team followed a judge's order to polish a filing about the FBI seizure of government documents from his estate.
Jared Kushner Blasts 'Nasty Troll' Chrissy Teigen For Attacks On Ivanka Who's nasty??
Mar-A-Lago Search Affidavit: Trump Was Insecurely Storing Most Sensitive Intel At Club The heavily redacted document lays out the justification the Department of Justice provided to a judge for permission to search for and seize highly classified documents in an FBI raid of Trump's Florida home.
"Donald Trump's Truth Social Reportedly Faces Major Money, Trademark Woes A major vendor claims it was stiffed by Trump's social media operation, suggesting finances are in ""significant disarray,"" reported Fox Business."
"Judge Temporarily Blocks North Dakota Trigger Law Banning Abortion The ban was set to take effect Friday, about two months after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade."
Gov. Brian Kemp Fights Subpoena In Georgia Election Probe The judge is presiding over a special grand jury that’s investigating possible illegal attempts to influence the 2020 election in Georgia.
"Dan Goldman, Narrowly Leading In New York Democratic Primary, Declares Victory But the congressional race has not been officially called, and rival Yuh-Line Niou declined to concede."
Markwayne Mullin Wins Oklahoma Republican Primary To Succeed GOP Sen. Jim Inhofe The five-term House member is known as a staunch President Biden critic and loyal Donald Trump supporter.
Charlie Crist Wins Chance To Take On Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis And His $132 Million Crist is making his second run for governor as a Democrat after having served one term in the job as a Republican more than a decade ago.
IRS Launches Safety Review Amid Threats To Workers Linked To Conspiracy Theories The Internal Revenue Service says it is conducting a comprehensive review of safety at its facilities.
"Student Loan Borrowers Await Biden Plan On Debt Forgiveness If Biden's plan survives legal challenges that are almost certain to come, it could offer a windfall to a swath of the nation in the run-up to this fall's midterm elections."
"Rusty Bowers Rips 'Fascism' Of GOP And Trump's Strong-Arm Tactics To Trash Vote ""I haven’t been hanged yet,"" the Arizona GOP leader told The Guardian in a powerful interview. ""But holy moly, this is just crazy. The place has lost its mind.”"
"After Delay, Biden Readies Student Loan Help, Payment Pause The precise details of President Joe Biden’s plan were being kept to an unusually small circle within the Biden administration."
"This Is The Bittersweet Part Of Democrats' Sweet Legislative Victory Democrats were on the cusp of transforming paid leave, child care and home care. Now they're figuring out where they came up short — and when they might get the opportunity to try again."
Teachers In Ohio's Largest School District Go On Strike Classes are scheduled to resume in just two days.
"Gas Prices Are Falling, But Global Events Could Cause Increase, Energy Secretary Warns Jennifer Granholm said the U.S. will produce a record amount of oil next year."
"Judge Won't Block Georgia Ban On Bringing Food, Water To Voters In Line Voting rights groups are dismayed about a ruling that upholds a ban on giving drinks and snacks to people waiting to vote."
Mike Pence Says He Did Not Take Classified Documents When He Left Office The former vice president made the disclosure after FBI agents seized classified and top secret documents from Donald Trump's Florida home.
"Mitch McConnell Gives Downbeat Forecast On GOP Winning Senate The Senate GOP leader cited ""candidate quality"" as a factor in whether Republicans can win control in the November election."
"Media To Ask Judge To Release Trump Search Warrant Affidavit ""The matter is one of utmost public interest, involving the actions of current and former government officials,” wrote an attorney some of the media companies."
"CDC Director To Overhaul Agency With COVID Shortcomings In Mind Rochelle Walensky announced a ""reset"" for the organization amid public criticisms over its response to the coronavirus and monkeypox."
Planned Parenthood To Spend Record $50 Million For Midterms The nation's leading reproductive health care provider is pouring money into contests where access to abortion will be on the ballot.
"NBA Won't Host Election Day Games In Effort To Increase Voter Turnout For many Americans living in states with strict voter suppression laws, Election Day is their only chance to cast a ballot."
"Lindsey Graham Must Testify In Georgia Election Probe, Judge Says Graham had argued that a provision of the Constitution provides absolute protection against a senator being questioned about legislative acts."
"Sinema Took Wall Street Money While Killing Tax On Investors Democratic Sen. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona has received nearly $1 million in campaign contributions over the past year from private equity professionals, hedge fund managers and venture capitalists whose interests she has staunchly defended in Congress."
"Over $2 Billion Announced For Roads, Bridges, Bike Lanes Across U.S. Numerous transportation projects across the U.S. will be getting a slice of $2.2 billion of new federal funding."
"Democrats’ Inflation Reduction Act Expected To Do Little To Reduce Inflation The bill was also touted as lowering the deficit, but by how much is uncertain."
"As Joe Biden Wins Mount, 2024 Doubts Ease For Top House Dems Two veteran New York Democrats previously dodged a question on whether the president should run for reelection."
Why The Justice Department Can’t Say More About The Mar-A-Lago Raid And why Donald Trump can.
Lawyer: Rudy Giuliani Won’t Testify Tuesday In Georgia Election Probe The special grand jury in Atlanta is investigating whether former President Donald Trump and others illegally tried to interfere in the 2020 general election in the state.
"Trump Said Wounded Veterans In Military Parades Didn’t 'Look Good' For Him: Book “Those are the heroes,” John Kelly reportedly responded to Trump in the new book “The Divider” by journalists Peter Baker and Susan B. Glasser."
Lindsey Graham Scolded For Senate Outburst At Maggie Hassan Graham directly insulted Hassan and presiding officer Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) stepped in.
"‘Come On, Bernie!’ Why Democrats Left Child Tax Credit Out Of The Inflation Reduction Act The only hope for restoring the child benefit appears to be bipartisan negotiations with Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah)."
"57 Votes in the Senate: Enough For Private Equity, Not Enough For Diabetics The latest example of how Senate rules help the powerful."
"Biden Expresses Solidarity With Muslim Community After Albuquerque Killings President Joe Biden’s response comes two days after a fourth Muslim man was found dead in what New Mexico's governor called a ""targeted"" attack."
"This Is The Most Underappreciated Part Of The Democratic Prescription Drug Bill Some Medicare recipients spend more than $10,000 a year on lifesaving medication. That could change."
"GOP Senators Refuse To Rule Out Supporting Donald Trump Again — Even If He's Indicted With the ex-president reportedly under criminal investigation, many Senate Republicans are taking a wait-and-hope-it-doesn’t-happen stance."
"CPAC Has A Special Exhibit: A Sobbing Jan. 6 Rioter In Jail “Instead of dancing, you stand around and watch this guy cry,” said one journalist describing the bizarre scene."
Paul Pelosi Pleads Not Guilty To DUI Charges The husband of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was charged with driving under the influence after a May car crash in California.
"Senate Republicans Fold, Help Pass Veterans Health Bill After Blocking It The PACT Act, which will help veterans suffering from illnesses caused by toxic burn pits, now heads to the president’s desk."
Arizona's Rusty Bowers Comes Out Against A 2024 Trump Bid The state House speaker testified before the Jan. 6 committee investigating Trump's efforts to cling to power.
Challenger Suraj Patel’s Poll Shows Tightening Race In Key New York Primary Patel is taking on Reps. Carolyn Maloney and Jerry Nadler for the Democratic nomination in a Manhattan congressional district.
"Vulnerable House Dems See Abortion As Winning Campaign Theme The Supreme Court decision on abortion has scrambled the political dynamics heading into the November elections, when control of Congress is at stake."
"Ex-DHS Aide Suggests She 'Went Very Public' Because She Didn't Trust Inspector General Olivia Troye, who quit the administration in 2020, appeared to call out the same Trump official now embroiled in the Secret Service text-deletion scandal."
"DHS Watchdog Fails To Notify Congress Over Missing Jan. 6 Texts Of 2 Trump Officials The phones of Homeland Security leaders Chad Wolf and Ken Cuccinelli reportedly were wiped, much like those of Trump's Secret Service agents."
"Alabama Official Told Reporter Her Skirt Was Too Short To Witness An Execution Ivana Hrynkiw was ultimately allowed to witness the killing of Joe Nathan James Jr., who was executed against the wishes of his victim’s family members."
"Democrats' Reconciliation Package The 'Biggest Climate Action In Human History' The deal Democrats struck late Thursday includes a historic $369 billion in clean energy and climate investments, but also requires new oil and gas leasing."
"Deputy Kills Unarmed Black Man After Alleged Shoplifting From Houston Dollar General Footage shows a Harris County Sheriff’s Office deputy chasing the man, pinning him down and hitting him with a stun gun before shooting him in the back."
GOP Sen. Joni Ernst Blocks Bill Protecting Right To Birth Control Republican lawmakers are celebrating the end of nationwide abortion rights while blocking federal protections for birth control.
"Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Is Eligible To Run For Reelection: Judge Five voters from Greene’s district sought to have her removed from the ballot, saying that she played a significant role in the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol."
"Steve Bannon Calls On '4,000 Shock Troops' To 'Deconstruct' The Government 'Brick By Brick' He's back with more  incendiary rhetoric against the nation just days after his contempt of Congress conviction."
"Political Ad Shows Doctor Asking Texas Gov. Greg Abbott If He'll Allow An Abortion After a brief conversation, the doctor hangs up the phone and tells the parents, “Yeah, that’s gonna be a no. Best of luck to you.”"
"Biden Improves 'Significantly,' Throat Still Sore From COVID President Joe Biden's physician, Dr. Kevin O'Connor, says Biden continues to “improve significantly” despite a lingering sore throat."
Josh Hawley's Home State Newspaper Chides Him As 'Laughingstock' Hawley's been widely ridiculed since video showed him fleeing Capitol rioters not long after saluting them.
"Kari Lake Walked Away From A Career In Journalism. Now She's Running For Governor By Bashing The Media. To curry favor with Arizona’s far right, the former TV anchor is leveraging her unique background and using the media as a punching bag. It just might work."
"195 House Republicans Voted Against Birth Control Protections The House passed the Right to Contraception Act, which would codify the right to birth control amid fears that conservatives are coming for that next."
"Herschel Walker Is A Messy Candidate, But The Georgia Senate Race Is Still A Toss-Up Despite his many scandals and gaffes, polls show the former football star trailing only slightly behind Democratic Sen. Raphael Warnock."
Appeals Court Allows Georgia Abortion Law To Take Effect The Georgia law bans most abortions once a “detectable human heartbeat” is present.
Biden Takes Modest Executive Action After Climate Agenda Stalls In Congress The executive push includes $2.3 billion in climate resilience funding and a first step toward opening the Gulf of Mexico to offshore wind development.
"Secret Service Can't Recover Jan. 6 Texts, National Archives Wants Probe The House committee investigating the violent insurrection subpoenaed the texts last Friday."
Jury Selection Begins In Trial Of Ex-Trump Adviser Steve Bannon Bannon is charged in Washington’s federal court with defying a subpoena from the Jan. 6 committee that sought his records and testimony.
4 Killed After Gunman Opens Fire In Indiana Mall Food Court Police said a man with a rifle opened fire in a food court and an armed civilian shot him. 2 others were injured.
"Republicans Begin To Sour On Aid To Ukraine Initially a bipartisan priority, helping Ukraine stop Russia is becoming a harder sell for Republicans."
"Republican Senate Candidate Charged With Making False Child Trafficking Allegations Ryan Dark White, a U.S. Senate candidate in Maryland running as Jon McGreevey, concocted the story for ""his own political agenda,"" the sheriff said."
"Former FDA Commissioner: U.S. Has Probably ‘Failed To Contain’ Monkeypox ""I think the window for getting control of this and containing it probably has closed,"" Scott Gottlieb told ""Face the Nation."""
Ohio Girl's Abortion Doctor Once Targeted In Vicious Kidnapping Threat: Report Dr. Caitlin Bernard is also currently listed on the website of a militant anti-abortion group with ties to Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett.
"Trump-Supporting GOP Congressman Faces Election Fraud Accusations Rep. Lee Zeldin (R-N.Y.), who is running for governor in the fall, is accused of submitting photocopied signatures to get a line on the ballot."
"Senator Ted Cruz Says Supreme Court Was Wrong In Same-Sex Marriage Ruling The Republican said the 2015 Obergefell v. Hodges ruling, which legalized same-sex marriage across the country, ""was clearly wrong"" and ""overreaching.”"
Watchdog Says Secret Service Deleted Jan. 6 Text Messages The erasure of the messages is sure to raise new questions for the House panel investigating the Jan. 6 attack.
"GOP No Longer Cares About The Deficit If It Means Women Having More Babies More than 4 in 10 U.S. births are paid for by Medicaid, the state-federal health insurance program for the poor — and fewer abortions will mean more births."
John Fetterman Recruits Snooki To Take Some 'Jersey Shore' Shots At Dr. Oz The Democratic Pennsylvania Senate nominee found a clever way to mock his GOP rival's New Jersey roots.
"Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Says Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Should Thank Her Sexual Harasser Greene featured the harasser on her podcast and called his lewd shouts ""quite the compliment."""
"Texas Sues Biden Administration For Right To Deny Life-Saving Abortions The White House called it ""unthinkable"" that Texas' attorney general ""would sue to block women from receiving life-saving care in emergency rooms."""
Trump Tried To Call White House Support Staffer Who Was Talking To Jan. 6 Panel: Report CNN first reported the former president called the person shortly after Cassidy Hutchinson's bombshell testimony last month.
"Biden Admin: Pharmacists Cannot Refuse Prescriptions Similar To Medication Abortion Since the fall of Roe, some pharmacies have refused to fill certain prescriptions that are the same as or similar to the drugs used in medication abortion."
"Ex-Trump Adviser Peter Navarro Accuses Mike Pence Of Treason In Bonkers Rant The former trade adviser also accused Trump's vice president of ""traitorous activity."""
"Mehmet Oz Mocked By Senate Foe John Fetterman With Sassy Plane Banner ""Aerial trolling!!!!"" goofs Pennsylvania Lt. Gov. Fetterman, who underscores confusion about where Trump-endorsed Oz actually resides."
"Steve Bannon Will Testify Before Jan. 6 Committee, Says Rep. Zoe Lofgren The ex-White House strategist had refused to appear for a deposition and was charged with criminal contempt. Trump has reportedly now given him a green light."
"Trump Now Claims He Won Wisconsin Since State Court Has Restricted Ballot Drop Boxes “This means I won the very closely contested (not actually) Wisconsin presidential race,"" the former president insisted on Truth Social."
"How A Crowded GOP Field Could Bolster A Trump 2024 Campaign As Donald Trump considers another White House run, polls show he's the most popular figure in the Republican Party."
"Police Swarm Steve Bannon's D.C. Home In Frightening 'Swatting' Attack: Report Officials determined that Bannon's row house was targeted in a fake call to police about a man with a gun, meant to trigger a shocking law enforcement response."
"Political Violence Is The New American Normal Hours after Roe's demise, a truck driver rammed a group of women protesting in Iowa and highlighted an urgent national crisis: Violence is now a feature of American civic life."
NY Gun Applicants Will Soon Have Social Media Accounts Screened New York state is rolling out a novel strategy to screen applicants for gun permits.
Tucker Carlson Points Finger At Women And Weed For Latest Mass Shooting The Fox News host responded to the Highland Park shooting with a bizarre set of reasons why it isn't about guns.
Patrick Lyoya’s Death Casts A Light On How Police Mishandle Traffic Stops Police reform advocates say the case shows why cops should stop pulling people over for minor infractions.
Rep. Lauren Boebert's Terrible Take On Denmark Shooting Slammed As 'Deadly' Stupid The U.S. has had more mass shootings in the past weekend than Denmark has had in a decade.
"There's 'Ample Probable Cause To Charge Trump,' Says Ex-Cop Wounded In Insurrection The rule of law should mean something, says former officer Michael Fanone, who was viciously attacked by Trump supporters at the Capitol."
"Girl, 10, Reportedly Forced To Travel Out Of State For Abortion The young rape victim was denied the procedure in her home state of Ohio, where abortion is banned after about six weeks."
"Supreme Court Shakes Nation To Core, Has No Plans To Ease Up “This has been a revolutionary term,” said University of Texas Law Professor Tara Leigh Grove. “The court has massively changed constitutional law in really big ways,"""
Florida Pediatrician Axed From State Board For Pro-Vaccine Comments Dr. Lisa Gwynn's assertion that parents of children under 5 should have easy access to COVID-19 vaccines landed her in hot water.
Supreme Court Rules Biden Properly Ended Trump's 'Remain In Mexico' Policy President Joe Biden suspended the program on his first day in office in January 2021.
"Ex-Aide Releases Melania Trump's Revealing 1-Word Text Message From Jan. 6 This says a lot, despite being only one word."
"The GOP’s Anti-LGBTQ Hysteria Is Spreading To Family Drag Shows As an ultra-regressive movement aims to send gender norms back to the 1950s, previously uncontroversial events are suddenly facing intense harassment."
'Truth Hurts': Arizona's Republican AG Tells Hecklers To 'Shut The Hell Up' Trump has attacked Arizona attorney general Mark Brnovich for not doing more to support his efforts to overturn the 2020 election.
"Canada Will Allow Americans To Cross The Border For Abortions: Trudeau Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the U.S. Supreme Court decision to overturn a constitutional right to abortion ""horrific."""
Truck Driver Rams Into Abortion Rights Demonstrators At Roe Rally In Iowa A victim told HuffPost that the agitated driver careened into protesters on purpose in downtown Cedar Rapids. At least one person was hospitalized.
Roe v. Wade: Supreme Court Overturns Landmark Ruling Protecting Abortion Rights The conservative-majority court opened the door to state-level abortion bans that could force people to continue with unsafe and unwanted pregnancies.
"After Bashing 'Woke' Americans, Steve Bannon Hails A Trump-Backing 'Army Of The Awakened' Wake up, Steve! If they're ""awakened,"" they're ""woke."""
"Clarence Thomas: Supreme Court Could Now Restrict Marriage Equality, Contraception The justice called out three cases protecting contraception access and same-sex marriage."
Republicans Are Making It Clear They Want To Ban Abortion Nationwide The GOP realizes its goal isn’t complete.
"Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Tells Reporter To ‘Go Back To Your Country’ “You have mass stabbings, lady,"" the GOP congresswoman told a reporter who compared U.K. gun statistics to those in the U.S."
"Steve Bannon Blasts Murdoch, Saying His Media Empire Is Dumping Trump For DeSantis ""Fox News, Wall Street Journal, New York Post, Times of London, The Sun etc etc etc"" now ""all lockstep against Trump,"" Bannon insisted."
Herschel Walker Says There Are 52 States There are 50.
7 Major Takeaways From The Jan. 6 Committee's Fourth Hearing The campaign to keep Donald Trump in power amounted to smoke and mirrors.
"Ginni Thomas-Linked Group Spread Election Lies At Event 2 Months After Jan. 6 Riot The Washington Post reviewed video from the March 2021 meeting, in which the headliner called Donald Trump ""the only legitimate president.”"
"Trump Continues Push To Shut Down Voting Methods 69% of Americans Use “Ultimately, we want same-day voting — one day — and only paper ballots,” Trump said."
"Ex-Watergate Prosecutor Says Georgia Probe Is The One That Could 'Send Trump To Jail' Nick Akerman said Trump has ""zero defense"" against a criminal probe into 2020 election meddling in Georgia."
An Elite Christian College Has Become The Latest Battleground In America’s Culture Wars The saga that unfolded after a professor officiated a same-sex wedding has exposed deep rifts over how the school treats members of the LGBTQ community -- and how its church interprets the Bible.
"Rants By Herschel Walker's Son On Absent Fathers Go Viral At Awkward Moment ""Get home and raise your kids!"" Christian Walker lectures men as the public learns his own dad has three other children."
"Rep. Eric Swalwell Would Love To Give Trump Equal Time On Jan. 6 Probe — Under Oath ""Equal time means sitting your lying ass in a witness chair. We'll wait,"" tweets the California Democrat."
The Far-Right’s Assault On An Idaho Pride Event Was Meticulously Planned Details that emerged after the arrest of 31 white supremacists in Coeur D'Alene show how GOP rhetoric is signaling extremists to attack LGBTQ people.
"Twitter Users Mock Peter Navarro's Desire To Postpone Trial Because Of Book Tour One person compared the former Trump aide's antics in court to ""a slow-rolling comedy sketch."""
"Herschel Walker, After Disparaging Absent Dads, Now Says He Has 4 Kids The Republican Senate nominee has called fatherless homes a “major, major problem.”"
"Obama Marks DACA’s 10th Anniversary In Conversation With Dreamers The former president spoke with DACA recipients on the stage of the musical ""¡Americano!,"" based on the life of Dreamer and political organizer Tony Valdovinos."
"After Defying Trump, GOP Rep. Tom Rice Loses Reelection In South Carolina The congressman was one of 10 House GOP members who voted in favor of impeaching Trump after the U.S. Capitol riot."
Mehmet Oz Misspells Pennsylvania Address On Candidacy Form And Twitter Has Jokes The GOP candidate faces Democrat John Fetterman in a key Senate race in November.
"The Races Where Democrats Are Rooting For Election Deniers The party is hoping to shape GOP primaries to favor beatable candidates, but some fear they’re playing with fire."
Mick Mulvaney Trashes Trump Staffers As 'Garbage' And Twitter Users Pounce Many Twitter users said that the former chief of staff's trashing of fellow aides was a case of the pot calling the kettle black.
"31 Patriot Front Extremists Aiming To 'Riot' At Idaho Pride Event Arrested: Officials The white supremacists, who were dressed in nearly identical uniforms and masks, ""did not come here to engage in peaceful events,"" said the local sheriff."
Trump Reportedly Misusing Presidential Seal To Boost Business At 4th Golf Course This would not be the first time Trump mixed his office with his private businesses.
"Ivanka Trump Backed Her Dad Even As She Knew He Lied, Ex-White House Aide Points Out She shouldn't have stood by Donald Trump's side as he kept pushing  lies that the election he lost was rigged, said former press secretary Stephanie Grisham."
"Trump Trapped By 'Ego' In 2020; GOP Should Leave Him There, Slams New York Post The newspaper controlled by longtime Trump backer Rupert Murdoch called Jan. 6 ""national shame"" and ripped the ""King Lear of Mar-a-Lago"" for his inability to move forward."
"Kevin McCarthy Blames 'Everybody In The Country' For Jan. 6 Attack The House minority leader said everybody bore ""some responsibility"" for the Capitol attack when asked if it was former President Donald Trump's fault."
Jared Kushner Dismissed White House Counsel's Threats To Resign As 'Whining' His statement shows how Trump's inner circle failed to take concerns about the rule of law seriously.
Peter Navarro Ripped For Complaining That Being Arrested Wasn't Very Pleasant The former Trump official griped that he was strip-searched after he was arrested for defying a subpoena.
"Outraged Matthew McConaughey Begs For Commonsense Gun Laws At White House ""As divided as our country is, this gun responsibility issue is one that we agree on more than we don’t,"" said the actor, who hails from Uvalde, Texas."
"Pete Buttigieg Calls 'Door' Solution To Mass Shootings 'Definition Of Insanity' Buttigieg shoots down Sen. Ted Cruz's ""insane"" single entrance strategy to end mass killings at schools."
"Sen. Chris Murphy: 'We're Closer Than Ever Before' On Bipartisan Gun Legislation ""I've never been part of negotiations as serious as these,"" he said of ongoing talks in the Senate. ""We are talking about a meaningful change in our gun laws."""
"Filmmaker John Waters Complains Trump Forever Ruined Bad Taste The former president destroyed the humor, the filmmaker grumbles."
Why Biden Is Giving Gun Control Negotiators ‘Some Space’ A president who boasted of his deal-making abilities has backed away from day-to-day congressional action on key issues.
"New York Poised To Raise Age For Semiautomatic Rifles This is a major change to firearm laws pushed, less than three weeks after authorities say an 18-year-old used one of the guns to kill 10 people at a supermarket in Buffalo."
"Comedian Stunned After Asking Man In Confederate Flag Shirt If He’s Pro-Slavery Jason Selvig of the comedy duo Good Liars said he was so perplexed that he asked the question three times, hoping for a direct answer."
"WATCH LIVE — A New Labor Movement: How Workers Are Unionizing Amazon, Starbucks, REI And Apple Tune in on July 20 to watch our panel discussion with union organizers from the Amazon, REI, Starbucks and Apple battles."
"Biden's Ex Daughter-In-Law Opens Up About Marriage To Hunter Kathleen Buhle describes her ex-husband’s drug addiction, his infidelity and her challenges with the Biden family in her new memoir “If We Break.”"
"Georgia DA Could Bury Trump With His Own Words, Says Former Fed Prosecutor Trump, meanwhile, is blasting the special grand jury probe into his demand for extra Georgia votes after he lost the election."
"Adam Kinzinger Calls Gun Age Limits 'A No-Brainer,' Considers Assault Weapon Ban “Can we stop all of it? No. Can we mitigate it? Certainly. And we should be doing that now,"" the Illinois Republican said of gun violence following last week's mass shooting."
"Texas Gov. Greg Abbott Loudly Booed At Uvalde Memorial ""Shame on you, Abbott!"" a crowd member yelled as Abbott arrived with the Bidens at the school where 19 children and two teachers were killed."
Christian Nationalism On The Rise In Some GOP Campaigns Doug Mastriano’s win in the Pennsylvania gubernatorial primary marks a high-profile victory for the movement.
"Federal Judges Overrule Ohio Supreme Court: Mandate Voided Voting Map The decision is a win for the Republican-dominated redistricting commission, which passed five straight sets of legislative maps that couldn’t meet constitutional muster."
Defiant Kevin McCarthy Challenges  Subpoena Authority Of Jan. 6 Committee McCarthy's attorney argues in letter that the committee cannot issue subpoenas to the lawmakers under House rules.
"Gov. Greg Abbott Stops At Fundraiser After Texas School Shooting The governor said he made a campaign appearance after learning of the Uvalde school massacre so his supporters would ""know what happened."""
Brian Kemp Easily Wins GOP Nomination Despite Being Trump’s No. 1 Revenge Target The incumbent Georgia governor will now face Democrat Stacey Abrams in a rematch of their 2018 election.
"Texas Gov. On State's Deadliest School Shooting: 'It Could Have Been Worse' GOP Gov. Greg Abbott said what Texans need ""now more than ever is our love"" after a gunman killed 19 children and two teachers in Uvalde."
"The Supreme Court Just Made It More Likely Innocent People Will Be Executed “This decision is perverse. It is illogical,” Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote in her dissent in Shinn v. Ramirez."
Kellyanne Conway Finally Admits Marriage With George Conway Is On The Rocks Donald Trump's former White House adviser told People that “love must come with respect and ... a modicum of class and dignity.”
"Appeals Court Rules Florida Law On Social Media Unconstitutional “Put simply, with minor exceptions, the government can’t tell a private person or entity what to say or how to say it,” said Circuit Judge Kevin Newsom said in the opinion."
"Group That Leaked Cawthorn's Nude Video Now Out To 'Fire' Lauren Boebert “Hi Rep. Boebert — Ask Rep Cawthorn about us. We look forwarding [sic] to getting to know you,"" American Muckrakers PAC wrote in an ominous tweet."
Trump Heaps Praise On Hungary's Viktor Orban At Conservative Conference: Report A meeting of the Conservative Political Action Conference in Budapest kicked off this week with prominent American conservatives in attendance.
"CPAC Head Hails Abortion Ban As Solution To Racist 'Replacement' Fears: Vice Scuttling Roe v. Wade is a ""good start"" to allowing ""our own people to live,"" Matt Schlapp told media at the conservative group's Budapest conference."
"Doug Mastriano, Far-Right Election Denier, Wins Pennsylvania Gubernatorial Primary The Christian nationalist who was near the Capitol during the Jan. 6 insurrection was endorsed by former President Donald Trump."
"Donald Trump Is Back On Twitter The former president's Truth Social messages are being posted on Twitter, even though he's supposed to be permanently banned."
"Lawrence O’Donnell Accuses Rupert Murdoch Of Shaping Thinking Of White Supremacist Killers “No one should waste their breath on the men in makeup at Fox when Rupert Murdoch is responsible for everything that they say and do,"" said the MSNBC anchor."
"Congress Will Discuss UFOs For First Time In More Than 50 Years And People Have Questions The House Intelligence Committee hearing follows a 2021 report of a possible national security ""challenge"" from UFOs."
Democrats Have Little Time To Avert An Election-Eve Obamacare Premium Hike A subsidy boost for the Affordable Care Act that lowers prices for millions will end this year unless the federal government acts.
"Melania Trump Rips Vogue 'Bias' For Keeping Her Off The Cover “They’re biased, and they have likes and dislikes, and it’s so obvious,” the former first lady told Fox News in her first interview since leaving the White House."
"Rep. Elise Stefanik Attacks Mysterious 'Pedo Grifters' For Shortage Of Infant Formula The New York Republican also argued against providing formula for migrant's babies and saw no contradiction with describing herself as ""pro-life."""
Ted Cruz Mocked Republicans Who Suck Up To Trump And People's Irony Meters Exploded The Texas Republican talked about GOP candidates having Trump tattooed on their rear ends and got some blunt reminders in response.
"GOP Rep. Madison Cawthorn Receives A Brutal Reminder After Veterans Tweet ""DON'T EVEN pretend you care about Veterans,"" a veterans group hit back at the extremist North Carolina Republican."
"Charles Herbster, Accused Of Groping 8 Women, Loses Nebraska Gubernatorial Race Herbster had the strong support of former President Donald Trump in the Nebraska race."
"New Jersey Governor Announces Proposals To Expand Abortion Access In The State “Without access, rights mean nothing,” Gov. Phil Murphy told legislators Wednesday."
Rep. Cori Bush: Biden Should 'Absolutely' Say The Word 'Abortion' More The Missouri Democratic congresswoman has shared her own story getting an abortion after she was raped as a teenager.
"House Lawmakers Approve Resolution Allowing Their Own Staffers To Unionize Unlike other worker-friendly measures, this one doesn't need the Senate to sign off on it, too."
"Fire At Wisconsin Anti-Abortion Office Following SCOTUS Draft Leak Investigated As Arson It wasn’t immediately clear who vandalized the building, but the message “If abortions aren’t safe then you aren’t either” was spray-painted on the building."
"Panel Probing Jan. 6 Attack Still Undecided On Interviewing Trump, Pence The House committee's investigation is winding down but it has yet to decide on whether to talk to the former president and former vice president about the violence."
"Lawyer For Roe Calls Overturning The Law 'Giant Step Backward' For Privacy Rights ""What other freedoms will Americans see retracted if the right to privacy ends in America?"" Linda Coffee wrote in The New Republic."
Rep. Shontel Brown Wins Ohio Democratic Primary Brown’s second consecutive victory over former state Sen. Nina Turner was widely anticipated.
"J.D. Vance, Trump's Pick In Ohio, Wins GOP Senate Primary The ""Hillbilly Elegy"" author snatched the GOP nomination with Donald Trump's help — the first major test of the former president's endorsement power in the midterms."
State Legislatures To Be ‘Main Battleground’ For Abortion Rights If Roe Is Overturned The potential demise of Roe v. Wade will heighten the stakes of state legislative races this fall as the GOP fights abortion rights and Democrats defend them.
"2022 Midterms: What To Know About Tuesday's Primaries In Ohio And Indiana The races, particularly in Ohio, could provide a fresh window into former President Trump's sway among the party faithful."
Gubernatorial Races More Important Than Ever With Roe v. Wade On The Chopping Block The issue of abortion access will be felt immediately in states with GOP-controlled legislatures like Michigan and Pennsylvania.
"Rep. Jamie Raskin Rips Supreme Court Draft Against Roe v. Wade Raskin said it appears the opinion, which he noted looks authentic, would eliminate all rights to any abortion."
"Protests Held Outside Supreme Court Following Shocking Leaked Draft About Abortion Rights “Abortion is health care,” reproductive rights advocates chanted after Politico reported that the high court planned to overturn Roe v. Wade."
"Joe Biden Says Roe v. Wade Shouldn't Be Overturned After Supreme Court Abortion Leak “If the Court does overturn Roe, it will fall on our nation’s elected officials at all levels of government to protect a woman’s right to choose,” Biden said."
Progressive Group Tries To Diversify Democratic Staffers Arena is launching mass trainings in Arizona and Texas.
"Nebraska Gubernatorial Candidate Accused Of Groping Wants To Put Sex Ed 'Back In Homes' Critics on Twitter complained that accurate, helpful sex ed was often not provided in homes."
"Pelosi Visits Kyiv, Meets With Ukraine President The House Speaker was the most senior American lawmaker to visit Ukraine since Russia’s war began more than two months ago."
"2nd Woman Publicly Accuses Nebraska Candidate Of Groping ""It was a grab. ... It was like he knew that I couldn’t say anything,"" the ex-legislative assistant said about Trump-backed gubernatorial candidate Charles Herbster."
"Joe Manchin Backs West Virginia Republican In Primary Against MAGA Challenger The conservative Democrat appeared in an ad for Rep. David McKinley, who is facing Trump-endorsed Rep. Alex Mooney in a GOP primary."
Mark Meadows Says Jan. 6 Panel Leaked Texts To 'Vilify' Him The former Trump White House chief of staff also accused the committee of of waging a “sustained media campaign” against him.
"Marjorie Taylor Greene Spews Head-Spinning Double Talk To Laura Ingraham The embattled far-right House member tried to explain her ""Marshall law"" text and we're confused."
"A Major ‘Alt-Right’ Figure Just Disavowed White Nationalism Evan McLaren marched at the deadly 2017 Charlottesville rally. Now he's voicing “revulsion” for his former movement, and ""for conservatism"" in general."
Republicans Cheer As Congressional Candidate Demands Fauci’s Execution By Firing Squad Oklahoma GOP Chair John Bennett's comments advocating violence against the top infectious disease expert earned him applause at a campaign event.
"Ex-FBI Assistant Director Accuses Tucker Carlson Of Aiding And Abetting Terrorism Frank Figliuzzi said the Fox News personality's parroting of Russian propaganda has ""gone way beyond free speech."""
"Trump's Latest Boast Gets Brutal Fact-Check From His Own Niece Mary Trump rips her ""severely damaged"" uncle."
"Donald Trump Says Prince Harry Is 'Whipped' In Marriage To Meghan Markle ""Harry is whipped like no person I've ever seen,"" the former president said."
"Californian Charged With Making Violent, Anti-Trans Threats Against Merriam-Webster The man was accused of posting anti-trans messages and making violent threats in comments under the dictionary website’s definition for “female.”"
"Biden Administration Urges Global Trade Chief To Release COVID-19 Patent Waiver Text It’s been nearly a year since the U.S. announced support for waiving vaccine patents, but influential countries have yet to release a possible agreement."
Biden’s Plan To Battle The Opioid Epidemic: Access To Naloxone The president’s drug control strategy will emphasize harm reduction.
"Ex-Labor Secretary Warns How Donald Trump Could Actually Steal The 2024 Election ""If they succeed, you can kiss our democracy goodbye,"" cautioned Clinton-era Cabinet member Robert Reich."
"Dashcam Video Shows Madison Cawthorn Surrendering His Driver's License During a traffic stop, a North Carolina state trooper discovered the congressman's license was suspended."
"Jen Psaki Says Court Ruling Ending Mask Mandate For Travel Is 'Disappointing' The White House press secretary said the CDC continues to recommend mask-wearing on airplanes, even as carriers dropped mask requirements."
"Dad Of Slain Virginia Journalist Fails To Make Ballot For Congress Andy Parker, whose daughter was killed during a live broadcast in 2015, sought to enter the Democratic primary in an effort to unseat GOP Rep. Bob Good."
"Justice Department Prepares To Appeal Judge's Ruling On Transportation Mask Mandate The appeal of the federal judge's decision will only happen if the CDC says the mask order is needed beyond May 3, when the mandate was expected to expire."
Happy Tax Day! Even The Treasury Department Thinks The IRS Is Terrible. The Biden administration wants more IRS funding to boost tax collection and improve service.
"Rain Dampens The 1st White House Easter Egg Roll Since 2019 The Bidens kicked off the first White House Easter Egg Roll since before the coronavirus pandemic, welcoming 30,000 kids and adults for the all-day event."
Congress Might Finally Do Something About The Exorbitant Cost Of Prison Phone Calls The late Martha Wright-Reed became a phone justice activist after having to choose between paying for her medication and speaking with her grandson.
"Ron DeSantis Signals Support For Woman Who Stole Fetal Remains From D.C. Clinic The Florida governor repeated the lie that the fetal remains were the size of ""basically infants."""
Ex-Trump Aide Stephen Miller Speaks To 1/6 Panel The senior policy adviser behind many of Trump's policy decisions had resisted previous efforts by the House committee investigating the insurrection.
"FDA Authorizes First Breathalyzer Test To Detect COVID-19 The breath test, which is administered by health care providers, can provide results in under three minutes."
White House Says Story That Bird Pooped On Joe Biden Is Just Crap Some sources claim the white substance was actually distillers grain.
Blame Trump? Jury Hears That Defense At Capitol Riot Trial The latest Capitol riot defendant to go on trial is blaming his actions on the former president and his false claims about a stolen election.
How A Trump Tax Break For The Poor Led To A $30 Million Gold Stash In A Queens Warehouse A mysterious investor group parked a fortune in gold bricks near JFK Airport. They say it’s good for the neighborhood — and hope to snag a giant tax break.
"DOJ Denies Jan. 6 Panel Details In Trump Records Probe The Justice Department’s decision is part of an effort to protect confidential information that may compromise an ongoing investigation, a source told the Associated Press."
"Marjorie Taylor Greene Argues U.S. Capitol Riot Happened Just 'One Time' The extremist congresswoman claimed Americans are ""fed up"" with hearing about the Jan. 6, 2021, insurrection that happened just that once."
"Biden Announces New Gun Control Rule, ATF Nominee The president told his Rose Garden audience he is cracking down on so-called “ghost guns.”"
"Trump Is Basking In Surreal, Adoring Mar-a-Lago Bubble, Says Reporter Everybody there ""loves him,"" a Washington Post journalist revealed after interviewing Trump at his resort home."
"Maryland Lawmakers Override Governor's Veto Of Abortion Expansion The state will end a restriction that only physicians can provide abortions. An abortion care training program will also be created, with $3.5 million in annual funding."
"Ohio Fairgrounds Turns Down Upcoming Trump Political Rally The Portage County fairgrounds has a ""long-standing policy"" of not hosting political rallies, a county commissioner said."
"Trump-Backed Vernon Jones Says Civil Rights Don't Apply To Gay People Because They 'Can Change' On the other hand, ""I'm Black, from cradle to grave,"" the Georgia congressional candidate told Steve Bannon. ""I don't have a choice."""
Books Are The Latest Casualty Of The New Conservative Culture War A record number of books with racial or LGBTQ themes have been challenged.
Twitter Beef Between Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene and Jimmy Kimmel Enters Its 2nd Day This social media battle between the congresswoman and the comedian just may be our new favorite non-contact sport.
Gov. Greg Abbott Says Texas Will Bus Undocumented Immigrants To D.C. The governor's dubious plan follows the Biden administration lifting a public health policy that limited asylum-seekers from entering the U.S.
"Rand Paul Held Up Ketanji Brown Jackson's Senate Vote, And Twitter Was Not Having It The Kentucky senator held up the vote for more than 15 minutes before sticking his hand through a door and voting no."
Ex-Trump Officials Urge Texas To Declare Border 'Invasion' Former Trump administration officials are pressing Republican border governors to declare an “invasion” along the U.S.-Mexico border.
"Jan. 6 Committee Obtains 101 Emails From Former Trump Lawyer A judge said John Eastman appeared to be part of a ""campaign to overturn a democratic election, an action unprecedented in American history.”"
"Sen. Josh Hawley Washes His Hands Of The 'Pro-Pedophile' Smears He Ignited The Missouri Republican does not use the same language as the more zealous members of his party — but he doesn’t like to contradict them, either."
"GOP Rep. Fred Upton, Who Voted To Impeach Trump, Announces Retirement The longtime Michigan congressman said he won't seek another term."
‘Now Or Never’: New U.N. Report Sees Narrow Path For Averting Climate Catastrophe The stark warning comes as Russia’s war further hinders efforts to confront global warming and its mounting impacts.
Ukrainian Americans Protest California Church Talk By Putin Defender Tucker Carlson A megachurch hosted the Kremlin-positive Fox News host — just as horrifying images of murdered civilians in Ukraine emerged.
"Sarah Palin Is Running For Congress In Alaska A decade after her failed vice presidential bid, the former Alaska governor is running to replace conservative GOP Rep. Don Young, who died last week."
Ted Cruz Imagines 'Taking Peyote' Nude During His Upcoming Yale Appearance Something you just can't unsee.
"Trump Tells Member Of Gays For Trump At Mar-a-Lago: 'You Don't Look Gay' The Gays for Trump founder said the former president was probably expecting to see the ""stereotypical"" gay who fits with the ""typical 'look' of leftist LGBT."""
"Marjorie Taylor Greene Sues To Stop Challenge To Her Reelection Eligibility A challenge filed last month with the Georgia secretary of state’s office alleges the congresswoman helped facilitate the Jan. 6, 2021, riot on Capitol Hill."
"Cory Booker Explains Why He Went To Bat For Ketanji Brown Jackson Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) also told reporters that the GOP treatment of Jackson was ""disgusting."""
"This Texas City’s Water Crisis Is Shaping A Democratic Congressional Primary Jessica Cisneros, a progressive challenging Rep. Henry Cuellar (D), argues that Laredo’s water infrastructure should have improved more during Cuellar’s tenure."
"Joe Biden Slaps Down Question From Fox News' Peter Doocy: 'You Got To Be Silly' ""Why should I tell you?"" Biden responded when Doocy asked for specifics on the U.S. response to a possible Russian chemical attack on Ukraine."
"Trump Touts 'Massive' Turnout At Georgia Rally That Journalists Say Was 'Smallest' In Years “This is the smallest crowd I’ve seen at a rally of his in Georgia since he won the 2016 election,"" one local politics reporter said."
"Ukraine Ambassador On Putin's Strategy: ‘We Can Always Count On Russia Lying’ Oksana Markarova said Ukraine is ready to negotiate a peace agreement with Russia, but that the country will not give up its territories to reach a deal."
Biden Budget Seeks Minimum Tax On Households Worth $100 Million The introduction of the minimum tax on the wealthiest Americans would represent a significant reorienting of the tax code.
"GOP Sen. Rick Scott's Lies About His Own Policy Get Called Out On Fox News The Florida Republican tried to write off his proposal to hike taxes for millions of Americans as ""Democrat talking points."""
Ex-Maine Gov Candidate Out On Bail After Child Porn Arrest Warrants were executed on two of Eliot Cutler’s homes earlier in the week.
"Rep. Madison Cawthorn Tells Audience: 'I Don't Have A Whole Lot Of Wisdom' But he does have a ""lot of aggression,"" Cawthorn acknowledges in an appearance at a North Carolina GOP men's club event."
"U.S. Indictment Details Russian Efforts To Hack Worldwide Energy Sector The charges, sealed since 2021, make “crystal clear the urgent ongoing need for American businesses to harden their defenses,” the Justice Department said."
"60 Miles From Ukraine, Biden Sees Refugee Crisis In Poland President Joe Biden paid tribute to Poland for giving refuge to more than 2 million Ukrainians who have fled their country since Russia’s invasion."
"Key Dem Manchin Says He'll Back Jackson For Supreme Court Manchin has announced his intention to support the nomination of Ketanji Brown Jackson, pushing her one step closer to confirmation."
"White House Removes Dr. Oz, Herschel Walker From Presidential Council The Biden administration asked the Republican Senate candidates to resign or be removed from the council on sports, fitness and nutrition."
OOPS! Reporters Spot What Sen. Ted Cruz Was Looking At On His Phone During Hearings The Texas senator was roasted on Twitter for this one.
Ketanji Brown Jackson Vows To Be Nonpartisan In Supreme Court Hearing Republicans will spend the next two days grilling Jackson on her record. They've already signaled plans to attack her for being “soft on crime.”
Liz Cheney Says Jan. 6 Committee Exploring ‘Enhanced Criminal Penalties’ For Trump The Wyoming Republican who co-chairs the House panel also said the probe's findings will reveal new information about the insurrection on the Capitol.
'No City Anymore': Mariupol Survivors Flee On Train To Safety The heat on the train was as thick as the anxiety as Ukrainian survivors of one of the most brutal sieges in modern history fled to the safer western city of Lviv.
"Top Putin Flack Sergey Lavrov Praises Fox News Russia's top diplomat had some warm words for the conservative network, whose prime-time personality Tucker Carlson has repeated pro-Kremlin talking points."
"Biden COVID Coordinators Leaving, To Be Replaced By Ashish Jha Jeff Zients and his deputy Natalie Quillian will leave the administration next month. Jha, the dean of the Brown University School of Public Health, will take over."
"European Mars Mission Suspended For This Year, Due To War In Ukraine The European Space Agency confirmed Thursday that it’s indefinitely suspending its ExoMars rover mission with partner Roscosmos, Russia’s state space corporation."
"Irish PM Tests Positive For COVID While Attending Event With Biden, Pelosi Taoiseach Micheál Martin was at the Ireland Funds 30th National Gala at the National Building Museum in Washington when he learned of his diagnosis."
"Pandemic Preparedness Bill Moves Ahead; Funding Still Needed If the PREVENT Pandemic Act is passed in Congress, lawmakers would still have to deliver billions of dollars for it to materialize."
"Biden To Travel To Europe For NATO Summit On Russia’s War On Ukraine The president will travel next week to Brussels, where NATO leaders will ""discuss ongoing deterrence and defense efforts in response to"" Russia's invasion."
"UC Berkeley Can Enroll Thousands More Students As Gov. Signs New Legislation The California university had been blocked from admitting around 3,000 students — or a third of its incoming freshman class — due to a local lawsuit."
"Joe Manchin Opposes Sarah Bloom Raskin Nomination To Federal Reserve The conservative Democrat said Raskin ""failed to satisfactorily address my concerns,"" likely dooming her bid to serve on the Federal Reserve Board."
"Idaho Becomes First State To Pass Copycat Texas Abortion Ban Republican Gov. Brad Little is expected to sign the measure into law, and it will likely go into effect next month."
"Idaho Gov. Candidate Ammon Bundy Busted Protesting Police Seizure Of Malnourished Baby Right-wing rancher and gubernatorial candidate Bundy, who seized public lands with supporters in 2016, called the baby's health treatment ""medical tyranny."""
"Wisconsin Republicans Want Supreme Court To Block Map That Adds A Black-Majority District One voting rights expert called the state redistricting challenge from GOP legislators ""an aggressive move … weaved in with a bunch of cynicism."""
Deportation Agents Are Using An App To Monitor Immigrants Advocates say use of the app is unfair considering many of the immigrants it tracks have already paid bond to get out of U.S. detention facilities.
"Senate Gives Final Approval To Ukraine Aid, Huge Budget Bill The Senate has given final congressional approval to a $13.6 billion emergency package of military and humanitarian aid for besieged Ukraine and its European allies."
"California Can Set Tough Vehicle Emissions Rules Again, Biden Administration Says The move reverses a Trump era effort to eviscerate the nation's environmental laws."
"House Approves Ban On Russian Oil To U.S., Bolstering Biden The House overwhelmingly approved legislation Wednesday that would ban Russian energy imports to the United States."
"Texas Flagged 27,000 Mail Ballots For Rejection In Primary An analysis by Associated Press found the flagged ballots, putting the rate of rejected mail ballots in Texas on track to significantly surpass previous elections."
Top Law Enforcement Officials Back Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson's Supreme Court Nomination Jackson has also been praised by defense attorney groups.
Biden Reportedly Set To Ban Russian Oil Imports Over Ukraine War The move follows pleas by Ukrainian President Volodmyr Zelenskyy to U.S. and Western officials to cut off the imports.
Twitter Reportedly Bans 100 'I Stand With Putin' Accounts For 'Inauthentic Behavior' A professor in Qatar was the first to spot the propaganda accounts praising Putin and Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Blinken Vows U.S. Support To Moldova As War Rages In Neighboring Ukraine The small Western-leaning former Soviet republic is coping with an influx of refugees from Ukraine and warily watching Russia’s intensifying aggression
"Utah Gov. Spencer Cox Says He Plans To Veto Trans Sports Ban Bill “I just want them to know that it’s gonna be okay. We’re gonna work through this,” Governor Spencer Cox said of trans student athletes."
Kamala Harris To Travel To Poland And Romania Amid Russian Invasion Of Ukraine The vice president is meeting with NATO allies to coordinate their support for Ukraine in the face of Russia’s “unprovoked and unjustified invasion.”
"Zelenskyy Asked For More Lethal Aid, No-Fly Zone In Call With U.S. Congress Experts have warned that a no-fly zone would amount to a U.S. declaration of war against nuclear-armed Russia."
Ukrainians In U.S. To Be Protected From Deportation To War-Torn Homeland Immigrant rights groups applauded the temporary designation while calling out a racist double standard on which immigrants the U.S. swiftly gives such status to.
Sen. Ben Ray Luján Returns To Congress After Suffering Stroke The New Mexico Democrat received a standing ovation at a Senate hearing one month after he suffered a stroke.
"Joe Biden: Abortion Rights ‘Under Attack As Never Before’ Despite the president's strong words on reproductive rights, he still has yet to say the word ""abortion"" in any public statement or remarks."
Heated Texas Congressional Primary Still Too Close To Call Progressive Democrat Jessica Cisneros had a narrow lead over Rep. Henry Cuellar as election day came to a close.
Ukrainian Ambassador Oksana Markarova To Attend Tonight's State Of The Union Speech The ambassador will be a guest of first lady Jill Biden along with Facebook whistleblower Frances Haugen.
"Biden To Give First State Of The Union Address At Fraught Moment President Joe Biden aims to navigate the country out a pandemic, reboot his stalled domestic agenda and confront Russia’s aggression."
"New York To Lift Statewide School Mask Mandate In Days Gov. Kathy Hochul announced that the requirement will be rescinded on March 2 for kids 2 years and older, citing reduced COVID-19 cases and CDC guidance."
"'Stand Your Ground' Laws Have Skyrocketed Since Trayvon Martin's Killing Ten years after the 17-year-old was fatally shot by George Zimmerman, over 30 states now have some form of the law."
"Republicans At CPAC Would Rather Talk About The Southern Border Than Ukraine Speakers didn't say much about the Russian attack, which was unfolding during the GOP conference."
"GOP Sen. Jim Inhofe To Retire This Year The staunch conservative and climate change denier is stepping down before his term is up, setting up a likely competitive GOP primary in Oklahoma."
"Antony Blinken Says He Believes Russia Will Invade Ukraine Imminently “I can’t put a date or exact time on it, but everything is in place for Russia to move forward,"" the secretary of state said."
"Why Texas Progressive Greg Casar Gives Hope To The Embattled Left Casar's star is rising, but he will need to beat mainstream liberal Eddie Rodriguez to get to Congress."
"Kentucky Elects First Openly LGBTQ State House Member In Special Election Keturah Herron, an activist and former ACLU strategist, helped pass Kentucky’s “Breonna’s law,” which limited the use of no-knock warrants."
"Allen Weisselberg, Trump Organization Seek To Toss Tax Fraud Case Lawyers for the Trump Organization's CFO are arguing that New York prosecutors targeted Weisselberg as punishment because he wouldn’t flip on the former president."
"U.S. Relocates Ukraine Embassy Staff To Poland Amid Russian Threat “Our personnel will regularly return to continue their diplomatic work in Ukraine and provide emergency consular services,"" Secretary of State Antony Blinken said."
"Western Officials Pledge To Support Ukraine As Russia Says It Should Be Dismembered Faced with a Russian attempt to redraw borders in Europe, the U.S. is preparing sanctions and European allies are signaling solidarity with the government in Kiev."
"White House Won’t Say If Russian Movements Into Donbas Will Trigger Massive Sanctions A senior administration official said that since Russia had already been in that region since 2014, that ""by itself would not be a new step."""
"Queen Elizabeth Tests Positive For COVID-19 The 95-year-old British monarch has cold-like symptoms and ""will continue to receive medical attention,"" Buckingham Palace said."
Court To Weigh In On Trump Policy Forcing Asylum-Seekers To Wait In Mexico The Supreme Court is giving the Biden administration a quick hearing on its effort to scrap a Trump-era border policy that makes asylum-seekers wait in Mexico for hearings in U.S. immigration court.
Biden Signs Stopgap Spending Bill Averting Government Shutdown Both parties hope the short-term measure will be the last one needed as negotiators craft compromise bills financing agencies through Sept. 30.
"Elizabeth Warren Wants Stock Trading Ban For State Lawmakers, Other Elected Officials, Too “Public officials should remove all conflicts of interest — whether you’re at the federal or the state level,” the Democratic senator said of the ethics proposals."
"Russia Expels U.S. Deputy Chief Of Mission In Moscow The move comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and the U.S., fueled by fears that Moscow plans to invade Ukraine."
Ex-NYT Columnist Nicholas Kristof Ineligible To Run For Governor Kristof had appealed to justices after Oregon’s secretary of state declared he did not meet the qualifications to run for Oregon’s highest office.
House GOP Targets D.C. Home Rule Amid Statehood Push Republicans want to limit the District’s democratic governance as the city gets closer than ever to becoming the 51st state.
"Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Calls Congress’ Inner Workings A ‘Shit Show,’ But Hopes For Change ""If people think that, the future is baked in and nothing is possible and that we’re doomed,"" the Democratic congresswoman told The New Yorker."
"Biden Keeps Up Pressure On Putin To Pull Back Russian Troops, End Ukraine Crisis Russian President Vladimir Putin has suggested there may be a diplomatic solution to the predicament he created."
"NYC Fires More Than 1,000 Workers Over Vaccine Mandate The 1,430 workers who lost their jobs represent less than 1% of the 370,000-person city workforce."
Rudy Giuliani Reportedly In Talks To Testify Before Jan. 6 Committee This could be big.
"'Our Jaws Hit The Floor' Over Trump's Recklessness With Classified Info: Ex-Aide Trump was so ""mind-numbingly incompetent"" that he waved documents around for everyone to see, an incredulous former Homeland Security official revealed."
"Officer Placed On Leave After Viral Video Shows Him Choking Black Purdue Student The Indiana State Police are investigating the campus officer's use of force, and the university president promised a ""swift and thorough"" inquiry."
"GOP Pundits, Naturally, Are Championing The Canadian Trucker Protest Tucker Carlson's online store is even selling shirts in support of the protest."
"Sen. Alex Padilla Calls Out GOP Colleagues For Racist Treatment Of Biden’s Court Picks “It’s not lost on me that nominees of color have been treated differently,” the California senator said in a testy Judiciary Committee hearing."
Biden Administration Slaps Down ‘Crack Pipe’ Funding After Right-Wing Misinformation Spree A misunderstanding of harm reduction programs coupled with a Republican-led misinformation campaign led to a viral storm.
"Ohio Mayor Says Ice Fishing Leads To Prostitution Hudson Mayor Craig Shubert cited ""data points."""
New Jersey Lifting School Mask Mandate In March Democratic Gov. Phil Murphy cited declining cases and rising vaccination rates in his decision.
White House Looks At Ways To Reverse Decline In Union Membership President Joe Biden has accepted task force recommendations to promote collective bargaining through executive action.
"UN Ambassador: China Had Uyghur Athlete Be Olympic Torchbearer To Distract From Genocide The real issue is that ""Uyghurs are being tortured, and Uyghurs are the victims of human rights violations by the Chinese,"" Linda Thomas-Greenfield said."
"Ted Cruz Throws In With Anti-Vaccine Ottawa Trucker Mob As City Declares Emergency ""They're defending Canada, America and standing up for freedom,"" Cruz crowed as Canadians complained protesting truckers were assaulting and harassing them."
"Canadian Anti-Vax Trucker 'Siege' Hit With Multimillion-Dollar Lawsuit Residents complain of constant air horn blasts, harassment, assault by truckers opposed to COVID-19 vaccines. ""This is a siege,"" said Ottawa's police chief."
"Gov. Ron DeSantis Going After GoFundMe For Dumping Anti-Vaccine Ottawa Truckers Donald Trump Jr., Rep. Jim Jordan and Elon Musk love the truckers being sued by Ottawa residents for blasting air horns 16 hours a day."
"Biden Isn’t The First President To Consider Diversity When Picking A SCOTUS Nominee What constitutes diversity has changed over time, but presidents always looked to balance the Supreme Court to reflect the broader nation."
"Conservative Pundit Warns Just How Unhinged A Second Donald Trump Presidency Could Be Charlie Sykes explained why “we may look back” on Donald Trump’s first term “with a certain sense of nostalgia."""
Biden Aims To Reduce Cancer Deaths By 50% Over Next 25 Years President Joe Biden set a new goal for the “moonshot” initiative against cancer that was announced in 2016 when he was vice president.
"GOP Rep Slams Sen. Josh Hawley As 'One Of The Worst Human Beings' Adam Kinzinger of Illinois also called the Missouri senator a self-aggrandizing ""con artist.”"
Tucker Carlson Reportedly Donated To Marjorie Taylor Greene's Reelection Campaign An FEC filing dated Sept. 15 shows the Greene for Congress PAC received a $250 donation from a “Tucker Carlson” who lists Fox News as their employer.
"Sen. Ben Ray Luján Suffers Stroke, Expected To Make 'Full Recovery' The New Mexico Democrat was hospitalized last week when he began to experience dizziness and fatigue."
"Liz Cheney: Trump’s Latest Jan. 6 Comments Show He ‘Would Do This All Again’ The Wyoming Republican spoke on ""NBC Nightly News"" about the former president's remarks this weekend, including his pledge to pardon insurrectionists."
"Candace Owens Pitches A Fit Over Minnie Mouse Wearing Pants The character's temporary makeover threatens to destroy ""fabrics of our society,"" the right-wing media mouth said."
Ex-GOP Rep. Suggests Dangerous 'Wedge Issue' Between Donald Trump And Ron DeSantis Former Florida Republican David Jolly slammed the “pandemic of lunacy that is infecting” the GOP.
"Democratic Candidate Evokes Slain Journalist Daughter As His ‘Running Mate’ In Powerful Ad Andy Parker hailed WDBJ journalist Alison Parker, who was killed on-air in 2015, as his inspiration ""to take a stand"" in the spot launching a run for Congress."
"A Hard-Right Republican And A Progressive Debated. It Went As Well As You'd Expect. Josh Mandel and Morgan Harper, running for Senate from opposite ends of the political spectrum, debated in Columbus. A moment for consensus it was not."
Sen. Ron Johnson Is Betting On Conspiracy Theories For Reelection Wisconsin's Republican senator is a COVID-19 truther in a swing state.
"‘Quick Reaction Forces’ And The Lingering Mysteries Of The Plot Against The Capitol The Oath Keeper “QRFs” show how things could have been a lot worse, and how much more there is to learn."
"Florida's 'Don't Say Gay' Bill Aims To Limit LGBTQ Discussions In Schools Opponents say the GOP-backed law would harm LGBTQ families and make teachers ""fearful of providing a safe, inclusive classroom.”"
Sen. Ron Johnson's Latest COVID Conspiracy: Athletes 'Dropping Dead' From Vaccines First things first: They’re not.
Eric Trump's Oblivious Boast About His Father Gets A Brutal Fact-Check The former president's son received a quick reminder about his father.
Anatomy Of A GOP Non-Scandal A call to a radio show from a Virginia parent spread to top conservative pundits — but it quickly turned into a bad game of telephone.
"Whoopi Goldberg Slams Bill Maher’s ‘Flippant’ COVID-19 Commentary The ""View"" co-host said the ""Real Time"" comedian's gags were ""not really funny to people who have lost their kids"" to the coronavirus."
"Florida Sen. Rick Scott Touts Infrastructure Funding He Voted Against The Florida Republican railed against the ""reckless spending"" contained in the measure, which passed with wide bipartisan support last year."
Aaron Rodgers Rips Joe Biden And 'Fake White House' In Anti-Vax Rant The Green Bay Packers quarterback also seemed to question the 2020 election.
Peter Navarro Claims He Saw 'Nothing But Peaceful People' On Insurrection Day MSNBC's Ari Melber shot down Trump's former trade adviser when he pretended to be clueless about the violence.
"Trump Trolled Over Ron DeSantis Threat In Taunting ‘What’s The Matter, Donald?’ Ad The reported souring in tensions between the former president and the Florida governor gets the treatment in the anti-DeSantis spot."
"Sen. Josh Hawley Says, Without Irony, That Democrats Don't Accept Elections They Lose The Missouri Republican led the charge on Jan. 6 to object to Joe Biden's win -- right after he saluted pro-Trump protesters gathering at the U.S. Capitol."
"Mitch McConnell Actually Just Suggested That 'American' Means 'Not Black' Black lawmakers are condemning McConnell's comments, in which he appeared to differentiate between ""African-Americans"" and ""Americans."""
Republican Group Torches Kevin McCarthy Over Jan. 6 In Scathing Ad Campaign A conservative group asked the House minority leader a blunt question about Jan. 6.
CIA Says Most 'Havana Syndrome' Cases Likely Not Caused By Foreign Powers But questions remain. Russia has been suspected of aiming some sort of weapon at American diplomats abroad that causes debilitating ailments.
William Barr’s New Book Title Has Twitter Wits Filling In The Blanks Critics mockingly reworked the name of the former Trump attorney general's upcoming memoir.
"Rudy Giuliani Among Trump Allies Subpoenaed By Jan. 6 Panel The House committee investigating the Capitol insurrection has issued subpoenas to some of Donald Trump's closest advisers, including Rudy Giuliani."
They Rejected Democracy. They Lied. Now The GOP Is Hailing Martin Luther King's Legacy. Republicans who voted to overturn the presidential election and fueled a deadly riot at the U.S. Capitol say they honor MLK's life of sacrifice for the greater good.
"Some QAnon Believers Think JFK Disguised Himself As Trump At Arizona Rally They claim the person who showed up at the event appeared to be shorter than the ""real"" Donald Trump."
"Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Says 'COVID Was No Joke,' Shares Photos After Recovery ""For a while I’ve noted the term 'mild' is misleading when the bar is hospitalization and death,"" the congresswoman said."
"Eric Swalwell Rips Steve Bannon's New Call To 'Decertify' Biden As Democracy's 'Endgame' ""You cannot interpret this as anything but a declaration of war on democracy,"" noted the California lawmaker."
"CNN Unearths Audio Of Kevin McCarthy Saying Trump Admitted Responsibility For Riot CNN's ""K-File"" resurfaced the top House Republican's comments to a California radio station just days after the Jan. 6 insurrection."
"A Key Fox News Talking Point Awkwardly Falls Apart In Embarrassing Supercut The mocking ""Daily Show"" montage bids farewell to one narrative put forward on the conservative network about the Jan. 6 insurrection."
"Texas Attorney General Ordered To Release Records About His Role In Jan. 6 Rally Ken Paxton's office has so far stonewalled requests for the information, even though he is supposed to be in charge of enforcing the public records law."
"RNC Ripped, Ridiculed Over Presidential Debate Ban Threat “Republicans can’t win a fair fight and they know it,"" responded DNC Chair Jaime Harrison."
"Laura Ingraham Feared More Violence After Jan. 6, Newly Released Text Message Shows The Fox News personality messaged then-White House chief of staff Mark Meadows with some advice for Donald Trump a week after the insurrection."
"Jan. 6 Committee Asks House GOP Leader Kevin McCarthy To Testify The Republican lawmaker was in touch with Donald Trump the day of the Capitol riot, and the committee wants to know what they talked about."
"Dick Durbin To GOP: Our Turn To Confirm Judicial Nominees Without Your Consent “Republicans chose to abandon this senatorial courtesy,” the Judiciary Committee chair said of advancing a Biden appeals court pick without blue slips."
"Marsha Blackburn Criticizes Black Judicial Nominee’s ‘Rap Sheet’ Of Speeding Tickets Andre Mathis, Biden's appeals court pick, doesn't have a criminal record. He once got a ticket for going 5 miles over the speed limit, though."
"Top House Democrat Wants Maskless Lawmakers Put In 'Isolation Boxes' ""Fines are not enough,"" said Assistant Speaker Katherine Clark (D-Mass.)."
Mitch McConnell Told To 'Save The Damn Crocodile Tears' After Whining About Voting Critics hit the top Senate Republican with a few home truths.
Fox News Host Has Some Blunt Talk For Trump: 'You Have To Learn To Lose' Brian Kilmeade also dismissed Trump's complaints of election fraud.
"Mike Pence Will Likely Need Subpoena Before He'll Talk To Jan. 6 Committee, Says Ex-Aide The former vice president wants to cooperate but probably won't do it voluntarily, said Alyssa Farah Griffin."
Wisconsin Republican Sen. Ron Johnson Will Run For Reelection Johnson has spread lies about COVID-19 and downplayed the Capitol riot.
"The Best And Worst Trump Tweets Over The Past Year, Ranked Here you go."
Ted Cruz's Own Words About Jan. 6 Come Back To Haunt Him In Damning Supercut The Texas Republican's past criticism of the U.S. Capitol rioters was flipped back on him following his groveling apology to Tucker Carlson for calling them terrorists.
Kanye West Grabs A Bite With Pal Jared Kushner In Miami The former presidential adviser and Trump son-in-law supposedly goes way back with the MAGA-loving rapper.
"Rep. Mo Brooks Reportedly 'Cheered' Capitol Riot As Colleagues Feared For Their Lives The Alabama Republican, who talked of ""blood"" sacrifice at Trump's Jan. 6 rally, said the account from Kevin McCarthy's ex-aide was ""total bovine excrement."""
"Critics Sum Up Laura Ingraham's Latest Joe Biden Attack In 1 Mocking Word The Fox News personality claimed it's ""the MSNBC administration"" and received a blunt reminder."
'QAnon Shaman' Makes Bonkers New Claim About What He Was Really Doing On Jan. 6 Jacob Chansley is serving a 41-month prison sentence for his role in the U.S. Capitol riot.
Lauren Boebert Self-Owns With Rant About ‘Gaslighters’ Twitter users mockingly suggested the extremist Colorado Republican offered her resignation with the post.
"A Year Later, GOP Lawmakers Still Won't Say If Joe Biden Is Actually President Nearly all of the 147 Republicans who voted to reject the 2020 presidential election results also won't say if they regret that vote, which was based on a lie."
"The FBI's Secret Weapon In The Capitol Attack Manhunt A band of online sleuths called ""Sedition Hunters"" has had an enormous effect on the Jan. 6 investigation. Next up: Holding the FBI’s feet to the fire."
"Trump Was Just '5 Rudys Short' Of A Coup, Warns Conservative Website Column ""The attempted coup came much closer to succeeding than many would admit and was just a dress rehearsal for 2024,"" an essay in The Bulwark read."
Lauren Boebert Jumps To Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Defense Over Twitter Ban And It Doesn’t Go Well Critics pointed out the flaws with the Colorado Republican’s defense of her fellow far-right extremist.
"Deputy District Attorney Who Opposed Vaccine Mandates Dies From COVID At 46 Kelly Ernby, a Republican who ran for California State Assembly in 2020, said ""there’s nothing that matters more than our freedoms right now"" at a rally last month."
"Capitol Riot A Distant Memory In The Senate: Seems 'As If It Never Happened' While the House is uglier and more rancorous, senators say they’ve felt little change in the one year since the attack."
"NY Attorney General Subpoenas Donald Trump, Ivanka Trump, Donald Trump Jr. The Trumps have indicated they will fight the subpoenas and are expected to file court papers through their lawyers seeking to have them thrown out."
"Marine Corps Boots 206 Service Members Who Refused COVID Vaccines Overall, vaccine compliance is high among all branches of the military, despite early grumblings."
"Madison Cawthorn Says Founding Fathers Wouldn't Recognize U.S.; Twitter Critics: DUHH And they'd be ""horrified,"" he claimed — probably over the Jan. 6 insurrection, noted others."
"Marjorie Taylor Greene's Personal Twitter Account Permanently Suspended The Georgia Republican was given the boot after repeatedly violating Twitter's COVID-19 misinformation policy, the company said."
"Chilling Trump Letter Calling For 'Seizure' Of Election Material Revealed In Log To Jan. 6 Probers The letter was created a day before Trump discussed naming conspiracy theorist Sidney Powell ""special counsel"" to probe baseless election fraud claims."
"Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Rips 'Creepy Weirdo' Trump Adviser For Fixating On Boyfriend's Feet The congresswoman fired back at Republican Steve Cortes, turning the tables on his bizarre crack about her trip to Florida with her boyfriend."
Some Of The Biggest Lies Being Spread About The Jan. 6 Insurrection The events from last Jan. 6 in Washington unfolded on live television but they've since been up for debate.
'A Hell Of A Year': GOP Anticipating A Triumphant 2022 Republican leaders are heading into the new year with surging confidence. But the party still has a few challenges ahead.
Politicians Pay Tribute To Former Senate Leader Harry Reid Messages of remembrance poured in after the Democratic giant from Nevada died at 82 after a years-long battle with cancer.
"Biden, Putin To Hold Call Over Stepped Up Security Demands President Joe Biden and Vladimir Putin will speak Thursday as the Russian leader has stepped up his demands for security guarantees in Eastern Europe."
Judge Refuses To Dismiss Alleged Proud Boys Leaders’ Charges U.S. District Judge Timothy Kelly rejected defense attorneys’ arguments that their clients' conduct on Jan. 6 was protected by the First Amendment right to free speech.
Biden Acknowledges Federal Effort To Expand COVID Testing ‘Clearly Not Enough’ The president changed his tone after previously going on the defense in response to questions about the lack of testing in the face of the omicron variant.
"Sarah Weddington, Lawyer Who Argued Roe V. Wade, Dies At 76 The Texas lawyer successfully argued the landmark reproductive rights case before the Supreme Court at 26 years old, legalizing abortion nationwide."
El Salvador Frees Three Women Convicted Of Abortions The three are among at least 17 Salvadoran women activists consider unjustly convicted and imprisoned following obstetric emergencies.
Biden Joins First Lady For Christmas Eve Visit To Children's Hospital The trip marked the first time that a sitting president joined a first lady in visiting kids at the D.C. Children's National Hospital.
Trump Asks Supreme Court To Block Release Of Documents Trump turned to the Supreme Court in a last-ditch effort to keep documents away from the House committee investigating the Jan. 6 insurrection at the Capitol.
Aaron Rodgers Is Still Complaining About Cancel Culture And It Isn't A Good Look The Packers quarterback made his thoughts clear via his wardrobe and made questionable statements about COVID-19 during a radio show appearance.
Judge Denies Michael Flynn's Attempt To Block Subpoena For Phone Records In Jan. 6 Probe The retired Army general and adviser to former President Donald Trump was denied a restraining order against the Jan. 6 House committee.
Judge Will Admit Confession Of Trump Fanatic Who Electroshocked Cop At Capitol Attack Danny Rodriguez was identified in a HuffPost story as the Capitol rioter who drove a stun gun into Officer Mike Fanone's neck on Jan. 6.
Jan. 6 Committee Seeks Interview With GOP Rep. Jim Jordan It's the second time this week the committee publicly sought to interview a sitting member of Congress.
"Democrats Slam Manchin For Saying He Can't Vote For Biden's Build Back Better Plan “If he doesn’t have the courage to do the right thing ... let him vote no in front of the whole world,” said Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.)."
"Senator Joe Manchin Kills Biden's Social Spending And Climate Plan: 'I Can't Get There' After months of negotiations, the conservative West Virginia Democrat announced on Fox News he will not vote for the Build Back Better Act."
"Michael Cohen Slams 'Stupid' Mark Meadows On MSNBC On Tuesday, the House voted to recommend criminal charges against Meadows for contempt of Congress."
"Former Georgia Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson Dies At 76 The moderate, who resigned in 2019 due to his health issues, was known for making deals with Democrats in an otherwise polarized Congress."
"Senate Confirmed White Nominees More Quickly Than Nominees Of Color This Year GOP senators have slowed down the confirmation process, and nominees of color have been disproportionately affected."
"Capitol Rioter Who Bragged About Her 'Infamy' Sentenced To Prison ""Can't wait to tell my grandkids i was here!"" Gracyn Courtright posted on Instagram on Jan. 6."
Joe Biden Gives Green Bay Packers Fan A Blunt Message For Unvaxxed Aaron Rodgers The president told a woman in a Packers jacket to tell the quarterback one thing during a tour of tornado-hit Kentucky.
"Michael Cohen Sues Trump, Accuses Him Of 'Weaponizing' Prison Over Tell-All Memoir Cohen's suit claims that his home confinement was prematurely ended to punish him for writing a critical book about Trump."
Rep. Jim Jordan Admits To Sending One Of The Texts Revealed By Jan. 6 Committee The Republican forwarded a message to Mark Meadows outlining a legal theory that the vice president had the authority to stop certification of the 2020 election.
House Moves Forward With Criminal Charges Against Mark Meadows Members of the House voted to hold Trump's former chief of staff accountable for refusing to cooperate with the committee investigating the Capitol riot.
Archaic Citizen’s Arrest Laws Led To Ahmaud Arbery’s Death. They’re Still On The Books In Many States. Almost every state in the country allows citizens to act as police — with sometimes deadly consequences. Some want these laws abolished.
Meadows’ ‘Protect Pro Trump People’ Email May Explain Military Reluctance To Deploy Troops The concern: Thousands of armed troops could have been forced to choose between following their orders or obeying the sitting commander in chief.
"Alex Jones Wonders If Joe Biden Used 'Weather Weapons' To Cause Deadly Tornadoes The ""Infowars"" conspiracy theorist said it was ""a legitimate question to ask."""
QAnon Believer Who Threatened To Shoot Nancy Pelosi For Trump Sentenced To Prison Cleveland Grover Meredith Jr. arrived late to the Jan. 6 attack because he had car trouble. He threatened House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
"First Amendment Doesn't Protect Lies To Fleece MAGA Backers: Ex-White House Ethics Lawyer ""Spreading fake news to ask for money is commercial speech, and courts enforce laws criminalizing fraud,” warned Richard Painter."
Fauci Says Those Who Want To Be 'Optimally Protected' Should Get COVID-19 Booster The doctor said Sunday the U.S. had all the tools needed to “protect ourselves” amid the dual threat from the delta and omicron variants.
"Player In PowerPoint Election Overthrow Plot Reportedly Talked Often With Mark Meadows Retired Army colonel Phil Waldron also told The Washington Post that he briefed several members of Congress on ""options"" the night before Jan. 6."
Mark Meadows Hands Over PowerPoint Plan For Trump To Overthrow Election An email the former chief of staff provided to the House panel investigating the U.S. Capitol riot referred to a scheme for Trump to use emergency powers.
Supreme Court Rules To Allow Challenges To Texas Abortion Ban The decision comes after some conservative justices signaled concern about the law's unintended side effects.
"Tucker Carlson Has A Misogynistic New Take On What COVID-19 Does To People The Fox News conspiracy theorist suggested coronavirus ""feminizes"" people."
"Arkansas Becomes 3rd State To Introduce Texas-Style Abortion Ban During a special session meant to discuss tax cuts, a GOP legislator who thinks the Texas bill is “absolutely awesome” introduced an even more extreme version."
Ocasio-Cortez Absolutely Wrecks Boebert Over Gun-Themed Christmas Pic “Tell me again where Christ said ‘use the commemoration of my birth to flex violent weapons for personal political gain’?” the representative asked.
Former DC Guard Official Rips 'Unmitigated' Jan. 6 Lies Of Michael Flynn's Brother Col. Earl Matthews accuses Lt. Gen. Charles Flynn and Lt. Gen. Walter Piatt of lying to Congress about what transpired the day rioters breached the Capitol.
"Republicans Attack Child Care Funding As 'Toddler Takeover' Democrats believe it will be difficult for Republicans to oppose popular elements of Build Back Better, like new child care funding. But the GOP isn't playing along."
UK Police Contacted Over Report Of Cocaine Use In Parliament The Sunday Times reported that drug detection wipes found traces of cocaine in 11 locations that are only accessible by accredited parliamentary lawmakers.
Former GOP Senator David Perdue Enters Georgia Governor’s Race (UPDATED) Democrat Stacey Abrams announced her own bid to unseat Gov. Brian Kemp (R) on Wednesday.
Bob Dole To Lie In State At U.S. Capitol The former U.S. senator from Kansas died Sunday at age 98.
"Trump Social Media Blows Deadline, Still Claims $1 Billion Commitment From Secret Investors This will show ""Big Tech,"" crows Trump."
Chris Cuomo Denies Sexual Misconduct Allegations Against Him After CNN Firing The network was aware of the allegation just days before the anchor was fired for helping his then-governor brother defend himself against misconduct claims.
"Bob Dole, Former Republican Senator And Presidential Nominee, Dies At 98 The prominent statesman and war hero had been hailed as “the true measure of servant leadership” from both sides of the aisle."
"Joe Biden’s ‘Vaccine Mandate’ Has An Alternative: Weekly Tests But the testing option won't be fun, and maybe that's the idea."
"Omicron Variant Found In 5 States As Biden Lays Out Plan To Tackle Winter Surge “The best thing everyone can do is to realize we are not defenseless,"" New York Gov. Kathy Hochul said."
President Joe Biden Has A Cold The president has repeatedly tested negative for COVID-19.
Biden Set To Extend Mask Mandate On Public Transit Through Mid-March: Reports The first U.S. case of the omicron variant has been confirmed in California.
House Passes Government Funding As Senate Republicans Threaten Shutdown Over Vaccines Some conservatives are threatening a government shutdown over the Biden administration's pending COVID-19 vaccination and testing rules.
Jan. 6 Committee Votes To Hold Ex-Trump Official Jeffrey Clark In Contempt Trump considered installing Clark as his attorney general in the desperate waning days of his presidency.
Senate Republicans Threaten Government Shutdown Over ‘Vaccine Mandate’ The rule requiring employees at large companies to get vaccinated or be tested weekly hasn’t taken effect yet.
"Stacey Abrams Announces Run For Georgia Governor In 2022 The voting rights activist will likely face off against the current Republican governor, Brian Kemp."
"President Joe Biden Reaches Out To Another Child Struggling With A Stutter ""I promise you it will go away if you just keep at it,"" Biden assured a girl while vacationing in Nantucket."
"Court Upholds California's Ban On High-Capacity Gun Magazines “The statute outlaws no weapon, but only limits the size of the magazine that may be used with firearms,” the judges ruled in the 7-4 decision."
"Carrie Meek, Pioneering Black Former Congresswoman, Dies Former Florida congresswoman Carrie Meek championed affirmative action, economic opportunities for the poor and efforts to bolster democracy in Haiti."
"Matthew McConaughey Says He's Decided Not To Run For Texas Governor The Oscar-winning actor said it was ""a path that I’m choosing not to take at this moment."""
"Omar Seeks Action Over Far-Right Congresswoman's Islamophobic Remarks Colorado Republican Rep. Lauren Boebert has repeatedly referred to Rep. Ilhan Omar in derogatory terms, calling Omar a member of the ""jihad squad."""
"Polyp Removed From Joe Biden's Colon Was Benign, Potentially Pre-Cancerous The tubular adenoma was similar to one removed from Biden in 2008 and required no further action, said the president's doctor."
Justice Dept. To Prioritize Prosecuting Violence On Flights The DOJ says it will aggressively prosecute violent passengers who assault crew members or endanger the safety of other passengers.
"Supreme Court Will Hear Dispute Over North Carolina Voter ID Law The state's GOP-controlled legislature claims Democratic leaders are failing to adequately defend the law, so they want to do so themselves."
"White House: 92% Of Fed Workers Under Mandate Are Vaccinated Officials say the most important lesson for businesses from the federal experience is that once they take the first step toward requirements, their workers will follow."
"More States Expanded Voting Rights In 2021 Than Restricted Them Still, at the federal level, it remains ""incredibly important for Congress to step in"" to prevent widespread disenfranchisement, one voting rights attorney said."
Milwaukee’s ‘Dancing Grannies’ Devastated By Parade Crash Three members of the group were killed Sunday after the driver of a red SUV roared through a Christmas parade in Waukesha.
Fed's Powell Will Aim To Win A High-Stakes Bet In 2nd Term President Joe Biden on Monday picked Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell for another four-year term.
GOP Gov. Chris Sununu Says Republicans In Congress Have 'Priorities Screwed Up' The New Hampshire governor weighed in on the censure of Rep. Paul Gosar and the passage of Joe Biden's infrastructure bill.
Joe Biden Sets $15 Minimum Wage For Federal Contractors The higher wage floor will apply to new federal contracts across the country after Jan. 30.
Vermont Democratic U.S. Rep. Peter Welch To Run For Patrick Leahy's Senate Seat The decisions by Leahy and now Welch will create the first open seats in Vermont's three-member congressional delegation since 2006.
"Biden To Keep Jerome Powell As Fed Chair, Brainard Gets Vice Chair Biden's decision strikes a note of continuity at a time when surging inflation is burdening households and raising risks to the economy's recovery."
Biden Goes With Safe Fed Pick Over Nod To Progressives In Face Of Inflation Threat The renomination of Jerome Powell also returns Joe Biden to his roots as an economic moderate.
"O’Rourke: Military-Style Weapons, Permitless Carry Prevent Responsible Gun Ownership ""We don't want extremism in our gun laws,"" the Texas gubernatorial candidate said."
"Virginia's Lt. Gov.-Elect Likens Vaccine Status To Inquiring About One's DNA ""Now you’ll want to know what’s in my DNA,” Republican Winsome Sears said when asked about whether she has received a COVID vaccine."
Eddie Bernice Johnson Is Latest U.S. Rep. To Announce Retirement The veteran congresswoman won't be seeking reelection next year.
"Biden Marks Transgender Day Of Remembrance: 'Each Of These Lives Was Precious' “This year, at least 46 transgender individuals in this country — and hundreds more around the world — were killed in horrifying acts of violence,” Biden said."
"State Attorneys General Investigating Instagram's Negative Effects On Kids Massachusetts AG Maura Healey accused Meta, formerly Facebook, of ""exploiting children in the interest of profit."""
"House Moves Toward OK Of Dems' Sweeping Social, Climate Bill Biden's Build Back Better bill would bolster child care assistance, create free preschool, curb seniors’ prescription drug costs and beef up efforts to slow climate change."
Biden 'Confident' Build Back Better Will Be Passed 'Within A Week' The president predicted quick action on the massive domestic policy bill.
Senator Amy Klobuchar Shares Good News About Her Breast Cancer Diagnosis Early detection of breast cancer greatly increases survival rates.
"Wyoming GOP Says It Won’t Recognize Rep. Liz Cheney As A Republican Anymore Cheney has continued to level criticism at Donald Trump, saying lawmakers who refuse to do so are complicit in his election lies."
Sen. Patrick Leahy Not Running For Reelection The Senate’s longest-serving Democrat is retiring after 47 years in office — the latest major retirement ahead of 2022's midterm elections.
"Thousands Of Military Families Struggling With Food Insecurity As many as 29% of troops in the most junior enlisted ranks faced food insecurity during the previous year, according to Feeding America."
Joe Biden And Xi Jinping Prepare For First Presidential Meeting White House officials have set low expectations for Monday’s virtual meeting.
"Sen. John Barrasso Refuses To Condemn Trump For Defending 'Hang Mike Pence' Chants The Wyoming Republican instead praised Trump for bringing ""a lot of energy to the party."""
"Adam Schiff: Steve Bannon Indictment Will 'Without A Doubt' Sway Others ""If they don’t fulfill their lawful duty when subpoenaed... they too may be prosecuted,” said the Democrat, who's on the committee investigating Jan. 6."
Steve Bannon Hosts Podcast As 'Bannon Indicted' News Appears On TV Behind Him Things got real meta for Donald Trump's former White House strategist after his indictment on Friday.
Parkland Students Are Still Trying To Heal While Pushing Gun Reform Many of the student activists were publicly quiet when the 2018 shooter pleaded guilty last month.
"How Kyrsten Sinema Went From Social Worker To Centrist Once a self-styled “Prada socialist” labeled as “too extreme” by Arizona Democrats, U.S. Sen. Sinema (D-Ariz.) has found new power as a centrist in an evenly split Senate."
"With Dems' Prized Bill At Stake, A Numbers Game Looms Ahead Democrats’ $1.85 trillion package of social and climate initiatives seems afflicted by a maddening parade of hurdles."
"Sen. Lisa Murkowski Announces Reelection Bid Opposed By Trump Trump, who has focused his political efforts on punishing his political opponents, endorsed a leading opponent of Murkowski in June."
"As Virus Surges, Colorado Opens Up COVID Boosters To All Adults Gov. Jared Polis (D) defied federal guidance on COVID-19 booster shots, issuing an order allowing all residents 18 years old and older to get them."
"Death Threats, Tweets Jolt GOP Infrastructure Supporters “This madness has to stop,” said Rep. Fred Upton, R-Mich., an 18-term moderate, who said his offices received dozens of threatening calls following his yes vote."
"Judge Overturns Texas Ban On School Mask Mandates In Blow To GOP Governor “No student should be forced to make the choice of forfeiting their education or risking their health,"" an attorney said."
House Democrats Move To Censure GOP Rep. Paul Gosar Over Violent Video Ten Democrats said they will introduce a resolution to censure the Arizona Republican.
Oklahoma Gov. Orders State To Stop Issuing Nonbinary Birth Certificates Gov. Kevin Stitt also urged the passage of legislation to prohibit nonbinary designations on birth certificates altogether in 2022.
"Joe Biden Promised To Take On Saudi Arabia Over Jamal Khashoggi. The Saudis Won. Biden pledged to root his foreign policy in values like human rights, but didn't apply that standard to the long and morally dubious U.S.–Saudi relationship."
"Rep. Adam Kinzinger Reportedly Considered Using His Gun During U.S. Capitol Riot ""I barricaded myself in, thinking, ’If this is as bad as it seems, they may end up at my office, breaking this crap down. I may have to do what I can.'"""
"Trump Officials Repeatedly Violated Hatch Act, Probe Finds At least 13 former Trump administration officials violated the law by intermingling campaigning with their official government duties, according to a new investigation."
"Jan. 6 Committee Subpoenas Trump Campaign Officials, Author Of Infamous ‘Coup Memo’ Former Donald Trump associates John Eastman, Bill Stepien, Jason Miller and Michael Flynn are among those subpoenaed."
Jan. 6 Rioter Wanted By The FBI Flees To Belarus Evan Neumann reportedly has applied for asylum in the authoritarian country.
"New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy On Narrow Reelection: ‘There’s A Lot Of Hurt Out There’ Despite being the first Democrat in decades to get a second straight term as the state's governor, the extremely close win signaled the party must do more."
"Republicans Update Their Race-Coded Strategy To Mobilize The Trump Base In the new era of high-turnout elections, Virginia gubernatorial candidate Glenn Youngkin found a way to persuade voters and pave his path to victory."
"Republicans Flip Virginia House of Delegates In Devastating Blow To Democrats Democrats conceded the majority to the GOP, which will take control of a legislature that had aggressively advanced progressive priorities on abortion, voting rights and other issues."
"Conservative Pundit Reveals ‘Pretty Darn Simple’ Reason For Glenn Youngkin Victory CNN's S.E. Cupp explained how Virginia's Democratic gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe ""pissed off the wrong voters."""
Republicans Want Parents To Be Angry. Democrats Are Trying To Give Them Money. The 2022 midterm elections will be a big test of whether improving people's lives is effective politics.
State GOP Leader Rants About Biden Destroying America With… Mass Vaccinations Twitter users were puzzled by Tennessee House Speaker Cameron Sexton's claim.
"California School District Disciplines Teacher For Telling Students Trump Is Still President One of the students told his parents: ""I’m never getting vaccinated. I’m never getting any more shots of any kind. Did you know Trump’s still president?"""
"Trevor Noah Reveals What Kim Kardashian And Pete Davidson Can Teach Us About GOP Win ""The Daily Show"" host used the rumored celebrity romance to make a point about Republican Glenn Youngkin's surprising victory in the Virginia election."
"James Carville Rips Democrats Over Election Losses: Some Need ‘Woke Detox Center’ “We’ve got to change this and not be about changing dictionaries, and change laws,"" warned the Democratic political consultant."
"Ted Cruz Gets Fact-Checked To His Face On Fox News Over 'Domestic Terrorist' Lie The Texas senator then tweeted a clip from his interview containing his false claim about Merrick Garland, but not the fact-check that followed."
"Biden Says Virginia Race Wasn't Blowback Against Him President Joe Biden says the Democrats' setbacks in Tuesday's elections underscore that the party needs to “produce for the American people."""
"Ohio Introduces An Even More Extreme Texas-Style Abortion Ban Just a day after the Supreme Court heard oral arguments on S.B. 8, Ohio Republicans introduced a copycat bill to ban abortion at any point in a pregnancy."
"Lauren Boebert’s Attempt To Troll Greta Thunberg Goes Up Like Earth's Temperature Conspiracy theory-endorsing Boebert's response to Thunberg's ""no more blah blah blah"" comments outside COP26 backfired."
"Biden Says U.S. Will Lead During 'Decisive Decade' For Climate ""Will we act?"" Biden asked during a speech at the United Nations climate conference. ""Or will we condemn future generations to suffer?"""
"Virginia Democrats Fight To Keep Control Of The State Legislature As Polls Tighten Facing political headwinds, Virginia Democrats are desperate to hold on to power in a state that has provided some of the party's biggest recent victories."
Jen Psaki Tests Positive For COVID-19: 'Grateful I Am Vaccinated' The White House press secretary said she last saw the president on Tuesday.
"’19 Kids And Counting’ Father Running For Arkansas Senate Jim Bob Duggar, who previously served in the Arkansas House, said he's running as a ""bold voice that is pro-family, pro-business, pro-gun and pro-life."""
"Rep. Adam Kinzinger Rips GOP As Party Of Lies, Conspiracy, Dishonesty “I haven’t seen any momentum in the party move away from lies and towards truth,” said the Republican, who recently announced he won't seek reelection."
"University Of Florida Prohibits Professors From Testifying In Voting Rights Case The testimony would go against the school's interest by conflicting with the administration of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, according to university leaders."
"Alec Baldwin Speaks On 'Rust' Shooting, Says Halyna Hutchins 'Was My Friend' Baldwin added that he is in favor of limiting the use of firearms on set after the fatal accidental shooting."
"Texas Cops 'Laughed' As Biden Aides Pleaded For Help From Trucker 'Trump Train' Last Year: Lawsuit Biden bus should “drive defensively,"" quipped a San Marcos Police corporal who refused to help as pro-Trump truckers swarmed campaign vehicles last year."
"Democrats Are Close To Implementing Big Fines For Illegal Union Busting The deal reached on Biden’s Build Back Better framework includes monetary penalties of up to $100,000 for employers who violate labor law."
Supreme Court To Consider Limiting EPA's Power To Regulate Climate-Changing Gases The ruling could challenge the Biden administration's plan to curb carbon emissions right after a key White House proposal died in Congress.
"Sean Spicer Rips Joe Biden For Something Donald Trump Did Many, Many Times The Trump White House press secretary received some blunt reminders."
No White House Treats For Halloween This Year Ghosts and goblins can scratch 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue from their trick or treating routes.
"Conservative Pundit Points Out Where Real Blame For GOP’s ‘Descent Into Madness’ Lies It’s not with the Republican grassroots, Max Boot argued in The Washington Post."
‘Tell The Truth Or Your 3 Kids Will Be Fatally Shot': Election Officials Detail Threats A voting rights bill before the Senate contains new protections for election officials.
"Miami Herald Pulls No Punches With Stinging Gov. Ron DeSantis Editorial “We thought things couldn’t get much worse in DeSantis’ handling of the pandemic, but we were wrong,"" the newspaper's editorial board wrote."
"Republicans Go To Bat For Billionaires Targeted By Democratic Tax Plan A new Democratic proposal would target investments held by the wealthiest Americans, such as stocks, in order to pay for new social programs."
"Dr. Anthony Fauci Says 5- To 11-Year-Olds Could Get Pfizer COVID-19 Shot By Early November “If you look at the data that’s been made public, the data look good,"" the nation's top infectious disease expert said Sunday."
"Neil Cavuto Begs Fox News Viewers To Think Of Others And Get Vaccinated ""Last time I checked, everyone, regardless of their political persuasion, is coming down with this,"" the immunocompromised Fox News anchor said."
"Coding Developer Seeks 'Legal Counsel' As Trump Social Media Appears To Violate License A software project dedicated to community ownership and public accessibility slams into Donald Trump's ""Truth Social"" media efforts."
"Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Asks Buffalo To Elect ‘Badass’ India Walton As Mayor At a rally, the New York congresswoman also framed a Walton victory as important for American democracy."
"Chris Hayes Exposes The 'Cruelty At The Core' Of The GOP The MSNBC anchor spotted the superpower that ""ostentatious jerk"" Republicans are desperate to develop."
Tyranny Expert Sounds The Alarm On 2024 Election: It’s Happening Yale history professor Timothy Snyder pointed out the worrying ways the next election could differ from 2020.
"Fox News' Dana Perino Makes 'Nonsensical' Comment About Wind Power Tucker Carlson didn't even blink at the remark as the two discussed wind turbines, but there was a gusty outcry on Twitter."
"GOP Meddles In Buffalo Mayoral Race To Help Incumbent Democratic Mayor India Walton, a progressive, won the Democratic primary, but centrist Mayor Byron Brown is challenging her via a write-in campaign."
"GOP Governor Blasts Anti-Vax Lawmakers: 'I Don't Need Crazy Getting In The Way' New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu slammed ""nonsense"" conspiracy theories spread by state Republicans."
Republicans Don't Want To Talk About Trump Unless They're On The Campaign Trail GOP politicians are relying on Donald Trump — who attempted to overthrow an election he lost — to energize voters ahead of the 2022 midterm elections.
Rahm Emanuel’s Confirmation Hearing Falls On Laquan McDonald’s Death Anniversary Progressive activists and lawmakers are calling for the Senate to reject the disgraced former Chicago mayor's nomination as envoy to Japan.
"New Documentary Zooms In On Pete Buttigieg's Historic Presidential Run Amazon's ""Mayor Pete,"" due out Nov. 12, promises an intimate look at Buttigieg's marriage to husband Chasten and the grueling 2020 campaign."
"Undocumented And In Need Of An Abortion In Texas' Rio Grande Valley Under S.B. 8, a radical anti-abortion law, undocumented folks are “either forced into parenthood or risking deportation,"" advocates say."
Texas GOP Advances New Congressional Maps That Would Tighten Slipping Grip The redrawn congressional districts may make it easier for Republican incumbents to hold their seats.
"'I'm So Stupid': MAGA Fan Who Attacked Officer Mike Fanone Called Himself A 'Piece Of S**t' Danny ""D.J."" Rodriguez, who was arrested after he was identified in a HuffPost story, called himself a ""f**king piece of s**t"" during his interview with the FBI."
Tucker Carlson Offers Most Insincere Response To Pete Buttigieg Attack Backlash The Fox News personality offered a fake apology following criticism of his homophobic and misogynistic remark about the transportation secretary.
"Kayleigh McEnany Attacks Jen Psaki With ‘Least Self-Aware Tweet Ever Written’ The former Trump White House press secretary earned a blistering two-word rebuke from Mary Trump, the ex-president's niece."
"Awkward? A Personal Gift From Trump To Giuliani Just Sold At Auction The inscribed copy of Trump's book sold for more than $54,000."
Texas School Official Suggests Teaching Both Holocaust Books And ‘Opposing’ Views: Report The administrator's comments came in response to a Texas law that seeks to limit how teachers discuss white supremacy and systemic racism in public schools.
"Anti-Mask Alaska State Senator Gets COVID-19, Touts Unproven Treatments Sen. Lora Reinbold was banned from Alaska Airlines earlier this year for refusing to comply with its mask policy."
"Utah Republicans Shamelessly Invoke Tribes To Condemn Biden’s Monument Restorations Utah's GOP delegation portrayed tribes as allies in their fight against protected national monuments, even though they petitioned for one site's creation."
Texas Republican Allen West Goes On Anti-Vaccine Rant While Hospitalized With COVID-19 The unvaccinated gubernatorial candidate kept pushing conspiracy theories about the shot while he benefited from expensive medical intervention.
NJ Democrats Attack GOP Candidate's Support Of '90s Cursing Ban With Foul-Mouthed Ad People were dropping F-bombs at the news that New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Jack Ciattarelli led a 1994 effort to ban swearing in his town.
Ted Cruz Jokes About That Time He Abandoned Constituents For A Cancun Trip The senator brazenly joked about his widely condemned getaway in an effort to criticize Joe Biden.
Texas Clinics Cancel Abortion Appointments After Court Reinstates Ban Texas abortion clinics are canceling appointments they had booked during a 48-hour reprieve from the nation’s most restrictive abortion law.
"Fiona Hill Calls Capitol Riot A ‘Dress Rehearsal’ For Further Violence The former national security official said there is enough historical evidence that shows the U.S. is currently in ""a danger zone."""
"Allen West, Texas GOP Gubernatorial Hopeful, Has COVID-19 Allen West, who said he did not get vaccinated, and his wife Angela who did, have both tested positive for COVID-19."
Mitch McConnell Tells Biden He Won't Deal On Debt Again After Chuck Schumer's 'Tantrum' The Senate Republican leader from Kentucky apparently can take it only from Donald Trump.
"Chris Hayes Goes Off At Trump 'Coup Lackey' Who 'Went Full Insurrectionist' The MSNBC host said former Justice Department official Jeffrey Clark ""essentially plotted with Trump to use the DOJ to foment Trump’s coup."""
Disturbing New Footage Shows Minneapolis Cops Saying They're 'Hunting Activists' The newly released clips reveal officers making racist remarks and celebrating as they shoot rubber bullets at protesters.
"The Feds Have Made 625+ Capitol Riot Arrests. They Still Have A Long Way To Go. Nine months after the Jan. 6 attack, the FBI has nabbed a quarter of the estimated 2,500 potential Capitol defendants."
MSNBC Goes To Town On GOP Sen. Josh Hawley With A Stinging Supercut Chris Hayes’ damning montage shows why the Missouri Republican’s latest indignation is “frankly kind of astounding.”
"FBI Raids NYPD Union Office And Home Of Its Right-Wing Leader The agency said the raids were part of ""an ongoing investigation."""
"Melania Trump Scorches Tell-All Author Stephanie Grisham As 'Troubled And Deceitful' The former White House press secretary said she expected such attacks but says the former first lady ""knows that I have ... receipts to show that I’m being fully honest.”"
Trump Faces Deadline For Questioning In Defamation Suit The former president now has a Dec. 23 deadline to undergo questioning in former “Apprentice” contestant Summer Zervos' suit.
Why Manchin And Democratic Leaders Might Not Be Quite So Far Apart It depends on whether Manchin cares about the bill's sheer ambition or just its increase in federal spending.
"Women's March Targets Abortion Access On Steps Of Supreme Court At an unrelated event, GOP Sen. Susan Collins said she's working to make Roe v. Wade ""the law of the land."""
"Biden Says 'Everybody Is Frustrated' As His Agenda Stalls “I’m going to try to sell what I think the American people will buy,” the president said."
"'Laughable' Cyber Ninjas' Arizona Recount Missed 16,000 Votes, Says Experts' Review The election auditors missed 16,000 votes in a single sample, according to experts analyzing their work — who added that the undertaking was ""laughable."""
"Over Two-Thirds Of Muslim Americans Have Faced Islamophobia, New Survey Finds An overwhelming 94% of respondents said Islamophobia affects their emotional and mental well-being."
Prosecutors In Wyoming Considering Charging Librarians For Stocking Books Some librarians in Campbell County are accused of putting books some say are obscene in sections for children and teenagers.
Rep. Jim Jordan's Question About Democrats Gets Turned Into A Punchline About Him Many critics on Twitter responded to the Ohio Republican's slam of Democrats in the same mocking way.
"Trump May Have Let Slip Details Of His Election Scheme As He Attacked Georgia Governor Trump said he wanted a ""special election"" in Georgia — part of an idea pushed by some advisers to use the military to force a redo of elections in states he lost."
"'Disengaged' Melania Trump Was Asleep On Election Night, New Book Says Stephanie Grisham, a former White House press secretary, also said the first lady was at a ""photo shoot of a rug on Jan. 6."""
"Rachel Maddow Reads Damning Giuliani Testimony Showing Roots Of Election Conspiracy ""It's all made up,"" the MSNBC host said."
"Rep. Lauren Boebert Tries To Make A Point About Vaccines, Gets A Big Dose Of Mockery The far-right lawmaker's tweet drew ridicule from Democrats and Twitter critics."
"Here Are The States That Automatically Mail Ballots To All Voters California has joined nine other states and Washington, D.C., to mandate that every voter be mailed a ballot by default ahead of an election."
"'The View's' Ana Navarro Rips 'Dimwit' Donald Trump Jr. After He Mocks Her Weight Addressing Trump Jr., Navarro slams him as someone with ""no talent or skill or significant accomplishment who's living off your father's fame, name and fortune."""
"Scientist Complained Trump 'Election Stuff' Overrode COVID Concerns In His White House Virologist Steven Hatfill was traveling to Arizona and Nevada to challenge Donald Trump election losses instead of fighting COVID, according to his emails."
"Betsy DeVos Throws Surprise Shade At Donald Trump “Ours is not a movement dependent on any one person,” the former head of  the Education Department said."
"Former Arizona AG Slams Cyber Ninjas 'Grift' In Botched Vote Audit “They’re in it for the money,” said Republican Grant Woods."
U.S. And Pakistan Face Each Other On Afghanistan Threats At UN Summit The Biden administration is looking for new ways to stop terrorist threats in Afghanistan after withdrawing all troops.
Mary Trump Quips That Her Uncle's Lawyers Now Probably 'Operate Out Of Strip Malls' And she thanked Donald Trump for helping her sell more books by suing her.
Draft Report Of Arizona Sham Audit Confirms Biden's Win Over Trump The draft also reportedly found that Biden won Maricopa County by a larger margin than official election results showed.
"Lauren Boebert Calls For Joe Biden's 'Imeachment' That's retty — err, pretty — embarrassing."
Right-Wing Preacher Cooks Up The Most Bonkers Plea Yet For A Private Jet Kenneth Copeland served on Donald Trump's evangelical advisory panel in 2016.
MyPillow Guy Mocked For A New Trump Prediction... And It's A Real Turkey Twitter users pluck the feathers out of Mike Lindell over his latest wild claim.
"Legal Experts Spot The Fatal Flaws With Donald Trump's Lawsuit Against His Niece, NYT “This one, I think, we know the results already,” said former acting Solicitor General Neal Katyal."
"MSNBC Hosts Crack Up Over Error Found On First Page Of Trump Lawsuit Trump is suing his niece Mary Trump, The New York Times and three of its reporters."
Boris Johnson Needles Anti-Vax Brazilian President While Promoting Vaccine The British prime minister not-so-subtly put the pressure on Jair Bolsonaro before the U.N. General Assembly.
"Biden Pledges To Double U.S. Climate Aid. It’s Still A Fraction Of What’s Needed. Even if the president persuades Congress to fund his proposal, it'll still be less per year than what the U.S. spends on a single aircraft carrier."
"Voters Credit Biden For Boost In Child Tax Payments, Unemployment Benefits When voters head to the polls next fall, Democrats hope they remember which party supported the benefits."
Jersey City Mayor Promises To Reopen Rental Aid Applications After HuffPost Report The city has been slow in getting assistance out the door as a key deadline approaches.
"Support For Gov. Greg Abbott Plunging In New Texas Poll The Texas governor's growing unpopularity opens doors for challenges by Matthew McConaughey and ex-congressman Beto O'Rourke, Dallas Morning News reports."
Emmanuel Macron To Talk To Biden Amid Crisis Over Submarines President Emmanuel Macron will speak with President Joe Biden after a major crisis erupted between France and the U.S. over a submarine deal with Australia.
"Boxer-Senator Manny Pacquiao To Run For Philippine President “I am a fighter, and I will always be a fighter inside and outside the ring,” said the 42-year-old boxing icon."
Renegade Cyber Ninjas Brazenly Defies Senate Demand For Records In Arizona Vote 'Fraudit' The Arizona State Senate and the company it hired are now at loggerheads over records the Cyber Ninjas company is not releasing after a court order.
"Trump Considered Painting His Own Plane The Way 'Air Force One Should Look,' Book Reveals When Trump was president, he came up with a color scheme for Air Force One that resembled his failed Trump Shuttle airline."
Police Say They’re Ready For Rally Supporting Jan. 6 Rioters The Capitol police are taking no chances as they prepare for Saturday’s rally in support of rioters imprisoned after the Jan. 6 insurrection.
$100 Million Trump Tower Loan Placed On Bank 'Watch List' Over Vacancies Occupancy drops in Trump's flagship Fifth Avenue building in Manhattan.
"Former Judges Defend 'Grim Reaper' Lawyer In COVID War With Gov. Ron DeSantis ""Requirements that lawyers be strong advocates are pillars of our democracy,"" a former Florida state Supreme Court justice wrote of attorney Daniel Uhlfelder."
Trump Is Still Begging Georgia Officials To Overturn The 2020 Election Results Officials in Georgia have repeatedly informed the president that there was no widespread voter fraud in the state.
"Clarence Thomas Criticizes Judges For Veering Into Politics “The court was thought to be the least dangerous branch and we may have become the most dangerous,” the Supreme Court Justice said. “And I think that’s problematic.”"
"New Ad Shows Texas Gov Is Far From Only Republican To Make Offensive Comments About Rape The montage history of horrific GOP statements, seen hundreds of thousands of times on Twitter, shows Texas Gov. Greg Abbott has plenty of company."
Tucker Carlson Makes On-Air Plea To Swollen-Testicled Friend Of Nicki Minaj’s Cousin The Fox News personality also issued a correction on his prime-time show's previous reporting on the rapper's unsubstantiated COVID-19 vaccine claim.
"Paula Jones Blasts Her Portrayal On 'American Crime Story: Impeachment' “Most of it was inaccurate. It was almost cartoonish-y,” Jones told ""Inside Edition."""
"Barrett Concerned Republican-Packed Supreme Court Seen As Partisan Justices must be “hyper vigilant to make sure they’re not letting personal biases creep into their decisions"" she said Sunday."
"COVID Cases, Deaths Notably Worse In Red States Than Blue States: Report Of the ""23 states that have new case totals per capita higher than the nation overall, 21 voted for Donald Trump,"" The Washington Post reports."
"Trump Drops Big Hint About Presidential Run At Meeting With Manhattan Police ""I think you're going to be very happy,"" Trump told officers after ditching all ceremonies marking the 20th anniversary of 9/11."
"Mary Trump Says It's 'Disgraceful' Her Uncle Is Spending 9/11 Commenting On Boxing Match ""That tells us everything we need to know about the current state of the Republican Party,"" Donald Trump's niece told CNN."
"Biden To Republicans Threatening To Challenge Vaccine, Testing Mandates: ‘Have At It’ The president called on ""particularly some Republican governors"" to stop being “so cavalier with the health of their communities.”"
"Jeanine Pirro Attacks Biden For Being Sympathetic Toward Flight Attendants “Maybe some of the flight attendants ought to show some respect to us, OK?” the Fox News host complained."
"Kellyanne Conway Spectacularly Self-Owns With Reason For Not Quitting Military Board ""Don’t let the fascist victim complex hit you on the way out,"" Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez responded to the former Donald Trump adviser."
Republicans Already Lying That California's Recall Election Is 'Rigged' Donald Trump and company are dusting off their 2020 conspiracy theories as polls show the effort to recall Gov. Gavin Newsom is losing steam.
Trumper Who Chartered Buses To Jan. 6 Rally Pleads Guilty In Capitol Breach Case Frank Scavo said he traveled with about 200 people from Pennsylvania to D.C. for the Donald Trump rally on Jan. 6.
"Donald Trump’s 9/11 Boxing Commentary Gig Gets KO’d On Twitter “We live in an unbelievable world,” one Twitter user responded to the news."
"Texas Abortion Snitching Site Now Shares Web Host With Far-Right Extremists Epik — which has worked with InfoWars, 8chan and Gab — is hosting the abortion ""whistleblower"" portal after it was booted by GoDaddy."
"Democratic Proposal Could Reduce Poverty By 3.3 Million People, Study Says Legislation to shore up Supplementary Security Income hasn't received much attention, but it could have a big impact."
"15 Miami-Dade Public School Staff Members Die Of COVID In Just 10 Days ""It's a tremendous loss,"" said one education official of the death of a 30-year teacher."
"Bette Midler Calls For Sex Strike In Wake Of Radical Texas Abortion Crackdown The proposed action evokes ""Lysistrata,"" a play from ancient Athens in which the women of Greece denied men sex until they ended a war."
"Mary Trump Rips 'Fascist' Uncle, Assumes He Doesn't Even Know What That Means The former president is the ""least intellectually curious person I've ever met,"" Donald Trump's niece said in a scathing new attack."
"Amy Klobuchar Renews Call For Justice Breyer’s Retirement Amid Texas Abortion Law ""If this decision doesn't cry out for that, I don't know what does,"" the Democratic senator said after the conservative Supreme Court allowed the law to go into effect."
"Bumble, Match CEO, Uber, Lyft Step Up To Help Women Battle Radical Texas Anti-Abortion Law The CEO of Dallas-based Match said she was “shocked that I now live in a state where women’s reproductive laws are more regressive than most of the world.”"
Supreme Court Abortion Decision Should Show Democrats It’s Time To Embrace Democracy Stop counting on elite institutions to do the right thing. Pass popular laws with a majority of votes and let the chips fall where they may.
"MAGA PAC Forking Over $37,500 A Month In Rent To Trump Tower For Just 3 Employees Meanwhile, other top tenants are leaving or skipping out on rent, according to The Washington Post."
"At Least 43 Dead As Ida’s Remnants Spawn Weather Chaos In Northeast The mammoth storm sparked torrential rain, flash floods and tornadoes that pummeled the region."
"'This Is Untenable': Supreme Court Liberals Slam Decision On Texas Abortion Ban The Texas law is ""flagrantly,"" ""patently"" and ""obviously"" unconstitutional, wrote Justices Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor in their dissents."
Supreme Court Declines To Block Extreme Texas Abortion Law In 5-4 Ruling The ban on abortions after six weeks is the strictest in the nation. Critics have called a direct assault on Roe v. Wade.
Mitch McConnell Gives GOP A Reality Check In Response To Demands For Biden's Ouster The Senate Republican leader addressed GOP outrage over the U.S. Afghanistan pullout.
GOP Operative Reportedly Caught Pretending To Be A Talk Radio Caller Named 'Josh' The caller claimed he didn't work for Virginia GOP candidate Glenn Youngkin — but it appears he did.
Jim Jordan's Own Words Come Back To Haunt Him In Damning New Supercut Video Jordan was one of 147 Republicans who voted against accepting the 2020 election results.
"Supreme Court Allows Extreme Texas Abortion Ban To Go Into Effect S.B. 8 offers private citizens a $10,000 bounty if they successfully sue anyone “aiding or abetting” abortion-seeking patients in Texas."
"Trump Funding Network Paid $4.3 Million To People, Firms Who Set Up Jan. 6 Rally: Report OpenSecrets tracked payments through federal records to actors who organized the protest that preceded the Capitol insurrection."
"Trump Rants About Media Spending 'All Night' On Ida Instead Of His 'Great' Taliban Deal ""The level of stupidity — and we had a great deal,"" Trump boasted in his usual mangled syntax."
U.S. Military Releases Haunting Image Of Last Soldier To Leave Afghanistan Maj. Gen. Christopher Donahue was photographed boarding the last Air Force C-17 to leave Kabul.
"GOP Candidate Suggests Forcibly Removing School Board Members Over Mask Mandates Pennsylvania's Steve Lynch told a crowd this weekend, “I'm going in with 20 strong men and I'm gonna give them an option — they can leave or they can be removed."""
"U.S. Drone Strike Kills Suicide Bombers Targeting Kabul Airport, Officials Say The strike hit a vehicle carrying “multiple suicide bombers” from Afghanistan's Islamic State affiliate, American officials said."
"Texas Anti-Mask 'Freedom Defender' Caleb Wallace Dies Of COVID-19 “Whether he was a hardcore conservative or not, he was an amazing man,"" his wife, Jessica Wallace, said of the 30-year-old father of three young girls."
"Delta Is Coming For Jails And Prisons, And The System Isn’t Ready To Protect The Incarcerated After thousands of COVID-19 deaths, most prisons and jails are still too crowded for social distancing and staff aren’t required to get vaccinated."
"If This Texas Abortion Ban Takes Effect, The State Will Pay Citizens To Enforce It Advocates and providers worry if S.B. 8 becomes law on Sept. 1, it will become a blueprint for other red states looking to end legal abortion."
"Trump's D.C. Hotel Permanently Bans Forbes Reporter After ... Wait For It ... Taking Photos Zach Everson has long tracked the lobbyists, Republicans and foreign government reps who have spent big at the hotel to wrangle favors from the former president."
"Trump Suggests Osama Bin Laden Wasn't That Big A Deal, Says He Only Had 'One Hit' Weeks before the 20th anniversary of 9/11, ex-President Donald Trump said the terrorist behind the 2001 attacks wasn't as bad as the ""monsters"" he took out."
"Billions In Federal Rental Aid Sit Unspent By Local Governments At least 50 cities and counties still haven't sent out a single penny, according to a HuffPost analysis of Treasury data."
"Children Now Make Up 36% Of Tennessee’s Virus Cases The state has reported 14,000 pediatric cases in the last seven days, a 57% increase from the previous week."
Trump Supporters Were Asked If They Got Vaccinated And You Know What Happened Next Trump was booed for suggesting the COVID-19 shot to his supporters over the weekend.
"Andrew Cuomo Officially Steps Down After 10 Years As New York Governor His resignation, which comes after a report concluded he had sexually harassed employees, made way for Kathy Hochul to become the state's first female governor."
Trump Booed At His Own Rally For Finally Telling The Truth About Something Some of the ex-president's supporters turned on him over one statement.
"Joe Biden Urges Private Sector To Establish Vaccine Mandates Now ""Require it,"" the president said of the COVID-19 vaccines, one of which now has full FDA approval."
Biden Considers Bringing In Commercial Airlines To Aid In Afghanistan Evacuation Joe Biden is considering a call to the Civil Reserve Air Fleet to help evacuees waiting at U.S. bases.
"Mike Lindell Is Hiding A County Clerk Amid FBI Probe Of A Vote Data Leak: Report As the FBI investigates claims that Colorado voting machine passwords were given to a presumed QAnon leader, the clerk is reportedly at a secret safe house."
"Andrew Cuomo's Attorneys Dispute Claims Of Sexual Harassment, Again A lawyer showed a photo of the governor with his hand near a woman's chest to prove he did not touch the woman's chest."
Texas Lt. Gov. Falsely Blames Black People For State's Low Vaccination Rates Dan Patrick is under fire for racist — and untrue — comments he made to Fox News host Laura Ingraham Thursday night.
"GOP Leader Who Fought Against Vaccine Dies After Weekslong Battle With Coronavirus Pressley Stutts, a Republican leader in South Carolina, shared conspiracy theories from his ICU bed."
"Washington Governor Mandates Vaccines For All School Employees; Strictest Rule In U.S. ""We won’t gamble with the health of our children, our educators and school staff,"" Democratic Gov. Jay Inslee said."
"Trump Attacks Biden For Afghanistan Chaos After Giving Taliban The Deal That Ensured It Trump referred to the terrorist group as great ""warriors"" and even suggested they have a right to rule the country."
"On Food Assistance, Biden Strays Dramatically From Obama’s Record The Biden administration has headed off an across-the-board food benefit reduction like the one that took effect in 2013."
"Twitter Users Outraged After Trump Calls COVID Booster Shots 'Crazy' ""He’s honestly the worst person in the world,"" author Robert Swartwood remarked."
"Poll: Reducing Size Of $3.5 Trillion Democratic Bill Doesn't Change Its Popularity Voters overall don't seem fazed by the cost, and it's not clear how much, if at all, even hostile Republican voters care about the price tag."
Jen Psaki Reveals How She Deals With Peter Doocy When The Cameras Are Off The White House press secretary's relationship with the Fox News correspondent isn't always as contentious as it may seem.
"Colo. Clerk Accused Of Allowing Access to Vote Machine Passwords That Ended Up With QAnon Leader The compromised machines were decertified following a serious ""security breach."""
How Nina Turner Lost Her Election Financial mismanagement and other mistakes plagued the progressive candidate’s campaign for Congress in Ohio.
"Activists Call It A ‘False Solution.’ But UN Scientists Say We Need To Suck Up CO2. The latest global climate report makes clear we need to suck carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere, and “planting trees” won’t be enough."
"Texas Judge Says There Are No Kid ICU Beds: Have To ‘Wait For Another Child To Die' ""That means if your child's in a car wreck ... and needs an ICU bed ... we don't have one,"" said Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins."
"A D.C. Cop At The Jan. 6 Riot Died By Suicide. Sleuths Identified 1 Of The Rioters He Battled. Less than 24 hours after a Capitol rioter was identified by online sleuths as a Capitol Hill chiropractor, the family of the late Officer Jeff Smith filed a lawsuit."
What The Census Tells Us About American Politics Growing diversity and urban populations should benefit Democrats — but the Senate's rural bias is getting worse.
Donald Trump Yells Question About People Missing Him And You Know What Happened Next The former president's question on so-called Reinstatement Day got the treatment on Twitter.
2 Moments From Mike Lindell's 72-Hour Fraud Fest You Must See To Believe The MyPillow guy ranted against taking a lunch break and invited the audience to vote for CNN or Fox News to prove his election-hacking conspiracy.
"Oregon To Restore Indoor Mask Mandate, Require Vaccines For Some State Employees ""If our hospitals run out of staffed beds, all Oregonians will be at risk,"" Gov. Kate Brown said Tuesday."
"Southern Hospitals, Crushed By Delta Strain, Report Running Out Of ICU Beds Arkansas had just eight intensive care beds left across the state on Monday amid a COVID-19 surge, Gov. Asa Hutchinson said."
Anti-Vaccine Protesters Mocked Over ‘Fully Researched’ Target... Outside Wrong Building They protested the BBC's COVID-19 coverage outside a building the British broadcaster left eight years ago.
"NSA Watchdog To Review Agency Following Tucker Carlson’s Spy Claims Conservatives have for weeks demanded an investigation into Carlson’s claim that a major U.S. spy agency targeted him, but he has provided no evidence."
"Melania Trump Hits Back At 'Dishonorable' Historian Over Rose Garden Criticism The former first lady's team said Michael Beschloss had ""proven his ignorance"" by sharing a photo of the White House Rose Garden looking a bit sterile."
"Trump DOJ Ally Reportedly Pushed Wild Theory China May Have Used Vote-Hacking Thermometers Jeffrey Clark spun the plot to keep Donald Trump in the White House, according to emails obtained by the House Oversight Committee."
"Hawley's Aide Lashed For Her 'Concern' About Too Many Masks People are masking to ""avoid the Hawley variant spread by ignorant staffers,"" said a Twitter critic slamming Hawley's press secretary Abigail Marone."
"Texas Democrats Continue Holdout, Don’t Show For New Session More than 50 Democrats last month bolted to the nation’s capital, but the precise whereabouts of each of them is unclear."
"Mark Hamill Mockingly Reveals How To Tell If Trump Merchandise Is ‘OFFICAL’ Or Not The ""Star Wars"" actor dinged Donald Trump over his ""Third Reich"" cards for supporters."
"Secret Service Agent’s Brother Takes First Plea Deal For Assaulting Cops On Jan. 6 Scott Fairlamb, an MMA fighter who is the son of a New Jersey state trooper, entered a guilty plea Friday."
"Biden Administration To Extend Student Loan Moratorium Until January 2022 The education secretary said this will be the ""final extension."""
"FDA Working On Booster Vaccine Strategy, Could Release Next Month: Report Vaccines provide lasting protection against severe cases of COVID-19 but studies show  their effectiveness can diminish over time."
"Tech Giant Took $2.7 Million From Trump The Day After Jan. 6 To Send More Of His Emails Salesforce.com later denounced the violent attack on the Capitol. But it's once again helping Trump raise money as he ramps up his lies about a ""stolen"" election."
"Mike Carey, Trump-Backed Ohio Republican, Wins Crowded GOP Primary Carey’s win shows that former President Donald Trump still has an influential role in Republican primaries."
Federal Judge Temporarily Blocks Texas Order Restricting Migrant Transportation The Justice Department sued Texas Gov. Greg Abbott last week over an executive order aimed at restricting the ground transportation of migrants.
"Trump's Muslim Ban Harmed Muslim Americans' Health, Study Finds The study found lingering health effects on Muslim, refugee and immigrant communities residing in the U.S."
"Louisiana Reinstates Indoor Mask Mandate As State's Largest Hospital Runs Out Of Beds “This is bad. And it’s not this bad anywhere else in the country today,” said Gov. John Bel Edwards."
"Pelosi Demands Andrew Cuomo Resign, Despite 40-Year Family Friendship The New York attorney general’s office found that the governor sexually harassed at least 11 women."
"New York Lawmakers Urge Andrew Cuomo To Resign In Wake Of Sexual Harassment Report Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand called on the governor to step down, and a few state lawmakers have already drafted articles of impeachment."
"Lawmaker Who Survived Jonestown Massacre Compares Trump To Jim Jones Trump spins ""destructive"" narratives to lost souls, says Rep. Jackie Speier."
"Miami Beach Mayor Rips Ron DeSantis As 'Pied Piper' Of COVID-19, Leading State 'Off A Cliff' Mayor Dan Gelber went after the GOP governor as his state tallies the highest daily number of cases of the entire pandemic."
Watchdog Group Calls For Probe Of Trump's 'Weaponization' Of Justice Department Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington responds to revelations that Trump ordered the DOJ to call election results fraudulent.
Rep. Madison Cawthorn Was Stopped Trying To Bring Gun On Plane In February The GOP congressman said he mistakenly put the unloaded handgun in his carry-on rather than his checked bag.
"Seeing A Make-or-Break Moment, Climate Groups Plan Blitz Over Congressional Recess Dozens of environmental groups expect to spend tens of millions of dollars in August building support for climate legislation."
Democrats Bracing For Big Fight Over $3.5 Trillion Reconciliation Bill Moderates and progressives' differences on the size and scope of a spending package could easily blow up President Joe Biden’s legislative agenda.
"Pelosi Says Biden Administration Should Extend Eviction Moratorium Only three days before its expiration, the White House had said it would not extend the moratorium and that Congress should do it."
"House GOP's Powerful Message Before Recess: We Hate Wearing Masks At Work ""This is not the America we know,"" Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said of having to wear a mask in the Capitol to help stem the spread of COVID-19."
"Biden Will Not Extend Eviction Moratorium, Even As States Struggle To Send Out Rent Relief The White House is punting the issue to Congress, where Democrats haven't been paying attention to the eviction moratorium lately."
"'I Think After?' Reporter Grills Jim Jordan On When He Spoke To Trump On Jan. 6 The Ohio Republican said he wasn't sure if he'd spoken to Trump before, during or after the insurrection at the U.S. Capitol."
Texas Lawmakers Sound The Alarm: Senate Dems Lack Urgency On Voting Rights Texas Democrats who fled their state want Senate leaders to work through the August recess and speed up efforts to pass federal voting rights legislation.
"Democrats Want Paid Sick Days, Breaks For Domestic Workers Rep. Pramila Jayapal reintroduced the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights, which would ensure basic workplace standards for nannies and house cleaners."
"Lawmakers Feud On Twitter After In-Person Shouting Match Over Masks In Congress Democratic Rep. Jared Huffman said he had to use a different elevator because an unmasked GOP colleague ""doesn't give a sh*t about anyone but himself."""
"Fox News' Bret Baier Hits Out At Republicans Dismissing Capitol Riot Inquiry ""You cannot watch this testimony and say that it’s not a big deal,"" the Fox News anchor said."
"'Partisan Pageantry': Republican Senators Dismiss Emotional Jan. 6 Hearing ""Just because she loves drama doesn’t mean I have to attend the performance,” Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) said of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi."
"Colorado Gov. Jared Polis Joins The #FreeBritney Cause “The bar for removing someone’s control over their own money and life should be very, very, very high,” the Democratic lawmaker and father of two said."
"White House Says Travel Bans To Remain For Now As Delta Variant Surges Visitors from Europe and other countries have been barred from entry to the U.S. for more than a year, a reality that press secretary Jen Psaki said will continue."
"How Joe Biden Became A Trust Buster A small group of thinkers challenged 40 years of economic ideology on corporate concentration, created a bipartisan movement and won over the president."
Biden Says Vaccine Mandate For Federal Employees 'Under Consideration' The president said he was considering requiring COVID-19 vaccines for federal employees. At least one report said the mandate would be announced this week.
"Oregon Gov. Warns Of 'Harsh Reality' Amid Mammoth Bootleg Fire Gov. Kate Brown said fires were growing worse due to climate change. ""They're hotter, they're more fierce, and obviously much more challenging to tackle."""
"Florida Again Leads Nation In Soaring COVID Cases Amid Delta Fears The state is struggling with lackluster vaccination rates, dropped health protocols and the delta variant uptick as people head indoors to escape the heat."
"Date With Destiny: Capitol Riot Suspect Nabbed — This Time With Help From Dating App Bumble He posted photos and boasted about the insurrection on Bumble, according to the federal complaint against him."
GOP Governor Says It's Time To 'Blame The Unvaccinated' For Pandemic Surge Gov. Kay Ivey also called out right-wing media disinformation about the vaccine.
"Marjorie Taylor Greene Wants Chinese Booted For COVID, But Not A Peep About Unvaxxed Greene has continued to rail against vaccinations, which threatens public health."
"CDC Director Says Delta Variant Of COVID-19 Among ‘Most Transmissible’ Viruses Known “We need to come together as one nation,"" Dr. Rochelle Walenksy said, urging unvaccinated Americans to get their jabs."
"Jill Biden’s 'United' Message To U.S. Olympians: We Are More Than Our Political Parties ""We are all, first and foremost, Team USA,"" the first lady said ahead of the Tokyo opening ceremony."
"Biden Hopes For Full FDA Approval Of COVID-19 Vaccines ‘Soon’; Jabs For Kids May Follow ""We have a pandemic for those who haven't gotten the vaccination,” the president said during a CNN town hall."
"Scabby The Rat, Union Protest Icon, Survives Legal Challenge From Trump Appointee You come at Scabby, you best not miss."
"More Than 8 Million Kids Could Get Subsidized Child Care Under Democratic Plan It would be a big spending item in the budget, but that's because it could have a big effect on working parents and their children."
"Judge Blasts West Virginia, Says Trans Girl Allowed To Compete On Cross Country Team “It hurt that the State of West Virginia would try to block me from pursuing my dreams,"" Becky Pepper-Jackson, 11, said. ""I just want to play.”"
"Conservative Pundit S.E. Cupp Calls Out Republicans For Killing Their Own Voters Right-wing COVID-19 vaccine misinformation ""has inarguably cost lives,"" she said."
Biden's DOJ Is Using A Ridiculous Argument To Defend A Controversial Trump-Era Arms Deal Saudi Arabia and the UAE are both accused of human rights abuses — but Biden seems to believe that should only matter for the Saudis.
Trump Told Tell-All Authors He Refused Masks In Order To Look Strong The former president was hospitalized with COVID-19 anyway.
Chris Hayes Nails 'Cowardly' Fox News For Its Biggest Vaccine Hypocrisy Yet The MSNBC host spots how the network is quietly doing exactly what its hosts rail against.
"Progressive Group Launches 6-Figure Super PAC To Boost Nina Turner The Working Families Party plans to spend at least $150,000 in the hotly contested Ohio congressional race."
Kevin McCarthy Trashed On Twitter For 'O.J. Simpson' Approach To Jan. 6 Probe Three of the five picks voted against certifying the 2020 election results.
"GOP Lawmaker's Tweet Suggests He's Mad That U.S. Intercepted Fentanyl At The Border Rep. Andy Biggs of Arizona seemed angry that ""enough fentanyl to kill 238 million Americans was seized at the southern border last month."""
"Leading Pediatrics Group Recommends All Kids Wear Masks In School This Fall “Combining layers of protection that include vaccinations, masking and clean hands hygiene will make in-person learning safe and possible for everyone.”"
"Kevin McCarthy Chooses 5 House Republicans To Serve On Jan. 6 Committee The House minority leader's long-awaited picks for the Capitol riot investigation will be reviewed by Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi, who can veto the choices."
"Regimes Used Israeli Firm NSO’s Spyware To Target Activists, Journalists: Investigation The global investigation by 17 media organizations found that leaked data suggests oppressive governments use the cyberweapon Pegasus to silence dissent."
Biden Continues Tradition Of Taking Credit For A Good Economy — Regardless Of The Cause The president took a victory lap for economic growth that was almost certain to happen in an economy that had nowhere to go but up.
The Fight For A Key Biden Health Care Policy Is Personal For This House Democrat Rep. Debbie Dingell learned first-hand the difficulty of finding home care for the elderly and those with disabilities. Now she's pushing a proposal to fix that.
"Surgeon General Portends Return Of Mask Mandates Amid COVID-19 Surges “It’s very reasonable for counties to take more mitigation measures like the mask rules you see coming out in LA,"" Dr. Vivek Murthy said."
"With Disasters Mounting By The Day, The U.S. May Finally Enact Real Climate Policy But there are some big “ifs.”"
Surgeon General: There's No Value In Locking Up People For Marijuana Use Senate Democrats last week introduced legislation that would decriminalize it at the federal level.
"Trump Said He Thinks He Could Have Beaten George Washington In An Election Trump believes he was a shoo-in for 2020 if not for COVID-19, he told authors of ""I Alone Can Fix It""  — contradicting his claims of a rigged election."
"GOP Governor’s Vaccination Tour Reveals Depths Of Distrust Gov. Asa Hutchinson has hit the road, meeting face-to-face with residents to try to overcome vaccine hesitancy — in many cases, hostility — in Arkansas."
How Moderate Democrats Are Sabotaging Their Ideological Allies A group of centrist Democrats wants the party to confront the pharmaceutical industry. Their main opponents? Other centrist Democrats.
"Trump Says Gen. Mark Milley Should Be 'Impeached' Over Coup Fears Ex-president, who never served in the military, rips chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the top military official in the nation, as a ""general who didn't have a clue."""
Democrats Reject Criticism Of Child Tax Credit Accessibility For The Poorest Americans Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer pushed back against criticism of the online tool that some families must use to sign up for the new benefit.
"Biden To Restore Protections For America’s Largest National Forest The administration will end large-scale logging of old-growth trees in “America’s Amazon"" as part of its effort to fight global climate change."
"'I’m Here, Mom!': FBI Arrests Man Who Wore Roman Gladiator Costume To Capitol Riot Nathan Wayne Entrekin was talking to his mother during the Jan. 6 Capitol riot."
Unions Gave Money To GOP Lawmakers Who Voted To Overturn The Election Corporate political giving has drawn a lot of attention since Jan. 6. How about contributions from labor groups?
Democrats Are Throwing Their Whole Agenda Into This $3.5 Trillion Budget Proposal But it could all implode at any second.
"Mitch McConnell ‘Perplexed’ By COVID-19 Vaccine Resistance His Own Party Is Pushing “I can only speak for myself,” the top Republican in the Senate said when asked about other GOP senators fueling vaccine hesitancy."
"Donald Trump Calls Jan. 6 Capitol Insurrectionists 'Great People' Six months after the violent attack, the most influential figure in the GOP has fully embraced the Capitol rioters."
"Fauci Says It's 'Horrifying' To See CPAC Crowd Cheering Anti-Vaccine Remarks ""They are cheering about someone saying that it's a good thing for people not to try and save their lives."""
"GOP Rep. Rips Greene, Boebert For Comparing Biden’s Vaccine Campaign To Nazism Adam Kinzinger said that Republican leaders must call out “these absolute clown politicians playing on your vaccine fears for their own selfish gain.”"
Democratic Lawmakers Consider Fleeing Texas To Prevent New Voter Suppression Measures Texas Democrats steel for new fight against measures that could become some of the most restrictive voting laws in America.
Alaska GOP Leaders Endorse Challenger To US Sen. Murkowski Sen. Lisa Murkowski has been one of the Republican party's most outspoken critics of former President Donald Trump.
"Attempted Republican Troll Of Joe Biden’s Obama Quip Goes Awry The Republican National Committee’s tweet was branded “the dumbest f**king thing possible."""
People Think There's Something X-Rated About The Shape Of The CPAC Stage At least it doesn't look like a Nazi symbol this time.
"Donald Trump Jr. Mocks Texas At CPAC Dallas And Gets The Tumbleweed Treatment “Way to insult the people you want on side,” one Twitter user responded to Donald Trump’s son. “Tough room,” joked another."
"FDA, CDC Say Fully Vaccinated Do Not Need Booster Shots. Yet. “We are prepared for booster doses if and when the science demonstrates that they are needed,"" the federal agencies said."
"Trump Reportedly Socked Secret Service With $50,000 Bill For Lodging At His Own Properties The Secret Service paid more than $10,000 at his Bedminster resort in New Jersey for 18 days in May, reveals The Washington Post."
"ICE To Limit Detention Of Pregnant, Nursing And Postpartum Immigrants The new Biden administration policy could lead to the quick release of up to 13 women currently in Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody."
Damning Trump Supercut Uses His Own Words To Show Why He’s In Big Legal Trouble MeidasTouch finds old Trump comments that could come back to haunt him in court.
"Joe Biden To Make Good On His Afghanistan Promise By Aug. 31 “Just one more year ... is not a solution but a recipe for being there indefinitely,"" the president said of America's longest-running war."
"Trump Is So Desperate For Social Media He's Suing Facebook, Twitter And YouTube The former president said he’s seeking “potentially trillions of dollars” in damages."
"Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Holocaust Museum Visit Fails To Stop Her Vaccine Comparisons ""People have a choice, they don't need your medical brown shirts showing up at their door ordering vaccinations,"" the Republican congresswoman tweeted."
"GOP Lawmaker Sued Over Inciting Insurrection: Trump White House Made Me Do It Rep. Mo Brooks, who spoke at the Trump rally before the attack, claims he did it only because the White House asked him to."
"J.D. Vance Wants To Be A GOP Senator So Is Now Super Sorry About Slamming Trump The ""Hillbilly Elegy"" author and Ohio Republican Senate candidate begged Fox News viewers ""not to judge"" him for early criticism of the former president."
Joe Scarborough Mocks 'Business Genius' Trump For Claiming Not To Know Tax Laws The MSNBC host laughed out loud after playing a clip of the former president's defense against his company's indictment.
"Republican Strategist Rails Against Her Own Party: ‘It’s Neofascism!’ Susan Del Percio said the ""wackiest wackies"" will win GOP primaries... but will ultimately cost the party seats in Congress."
Trump Dogged By 'Loser-Palooza' Airplane Message At Florida Rally The message — flying over the Florida fairgrounds where Trump was speechifying —was funded by the progressive PAC MeidasTouch.
"Tropical Storm Elsa Prompts Evacuations In Cuba, Florida Declares State Of Emergency 180,000 people were forced to evacuate in Cuba as officials warned of heavy rains and potential flooding."
"West Virginia GOP Governor Issues Blunt Warning To Unvaccinated ""They're not thinking right,"" Jim Justice said of the COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in his state."
July 4 Didn't Have To Be Like This The U.S. missed Joe Biden's goal of vaccinating 70% of adults. Donald Trump's politicization of the pandemic is a big reason why.
"Arizona's Shady Recount Hit With Reported Accusations Of Sexual Harassment Reported complaints of sexual harassment are only the most recent issues in a cascade of serious problems with the Arizona ""fraudit."""
"St. Louis Newspaper Bashes GOP, Josh Hawley For 'Contempt' Of Democracy ""Plenty of words come to mind to describe ... actions by one of America’s two major political parties,"" the editorial reads. ""'Patriotic' is nowhere among them.”"
"Ohio Sewer District Takes NYC's Random Twitter Hit On Cleveland, Craps All Over It The post backfired."
"After A Year Of Crisis, Reforming The Unemployment System Isn’t On The Agenda Federal unemployment benefits expire in September leaving millions in the lurch. Democrats don't really have a plan for what to do next."
"Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Self-Owns With Tweet About Facebook’s Extremist Warning ""Tell me you align with radicalized misinformation without telling me,"" one Twitter user ridiculed the conspiracy-endorsing Georgia Republican."
"J.D. Vance, Author Of 'Hillbilly Elegy,' Announces Bid For Ohio Senate Seat “I think we need people in Washington who are fighters,"" the author and venture capitalist said in launching a GOP campaign for the open U.S. Senate seat."
"Boy Scouts Reach $850 Million Settlement Over Sexual Abuse Claims At least 88,000 former Scouts have come forward with claims of abuse, which led the group to declare bankruptcy last year."
Ex-Trump Aide's New Social Media Platform Relentlessly Dragged On Twitter Even Donald Trump himself reportedly won't be joining GETTR.
"Robinhood Fined $70 Million For Misleading Customers, System Outages It is the largest penalty ever imposed by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority."
"Eric Adams And Kathryn Garcia Lead In Unofficial NYC Mayoral Results The preliminary tally does not account for nearly 125,000 absentee ballots."
"Why New York City’s Board Of Elections Is A Mess “There’s a fundamental problem having partisan boards of elections,” said a New York elections attorney."
Fox News Fined $1 Million Following Sexual Harassment And Retaliation Investigation The New York City Commission on Human Rights' record penalty stemmed from a probe into “rampant abuse” at the conservative network.
"John Bolton Almost Gave His Donald Trump Memoir A NSFW Title, But Was Talked Out Of It When Trump’s former national security adviser was told his proposed title had a sexual connotation, he reportedly told publishers their minds were ""in the gutter."""
"Supreme Court Allows CDC's COVID-19 Eviction Moratorium To Stay In Place Despite the ruling, the CDC eviction ban is still scheduled to expire at the end of July."
William Barr's Own Words About Trump Come Back To Haunt Him In Damning Supercut Former attorney general gets caught trying to rewrite his own history when it comes to Trump's election lies.
"'Mace Her!': Woman Accused Of Filming Capitol Attack On NYT Photographer Is Arrested Sandra Weyer of Pennsylvania reportedly went to Washington, D.C., on Jan. 6 on a bus organized by GOP state Sen. Doug Mastriano's campaign."
"GOP's Long Race To 2024 Begins For now, a central question in Republican politics is whether Donald Trump, who continues to advance lies about his loss last year to Joe Biden, will run again."
"Tucker Carlson Claims NSA Is Spying On Him To Cancel His Fox News Show ""The Biden administration is spying on us,"" the Fox News host said. ""We have confirmed that."""
Democrats Introduce Bill To Invest In Public Safety Alternatives To Police Ayanna Pressley and Cori Bush want to give funds to state and local government to hire social workers and mental health counselors as emergency responders.
"Pacific Northwest Heat Records Shattered As Seattle Hits 104F, Portland 112F Forecasters said Monday could be even hotter in some parts of the country, prompting ongoing excessive heat warnings."
Blinken Meets With New Israeli Counterpart As Both Governments Try To Reset Relations The U.S. secretary of state and Yair Lapid met in Rome as part of a push to create a lasting alliance between the two countries.
"Mike Gravel, Former U.S. Senator For Alaska, Dies At 91 Gravel read into the Congressional Record 4,100 pages of the 7,000-page leaked document known as the Pentagon Papers."
"AOC Warns Biden's Election Win Likely Wouldn't Have Been Certified With A GOP House ""I thank heavens that we had a Democratic majority in the House that day,"" Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said in a virtual town hall meeting."
"Ex-Ethics Chief Rips Biden Over Jobs For Aides' Relatives After 4 Years Of Trump Nepotism “We’re in trouble as a nation if ‘better than Trump is good enough’ becomes the standard for ethical behavior,” Walter Shaub wrote in op-ed."
"Top Ohio Republicans Are Ditching Trump's 'Pity Party' Rally In The State GOP Gov. Mike DeWine, who recently slammed Trump over the U.S. Capitol insurrection, has a ""family commitment."""
"White House Deputy Press Secretary Shares Thoughtful Coming-Out Message ""I’m happy to say, my Mother is now proud of ALL of who I am,"" Karine Jean-Pierre wrote on Twitter."
"How India Walton, A Democratic Socialist, Defeated Buffalo’s Mayor ""People do not like being taken for granted,"" said the leader of a union that endorsed Walton."
Biden’s Green Allies Launch Major Campaign As Bipartisan Deal Shrinks From Climate The League of Conservation Voters is going on its biggest off-year campaigning spree in history to push for serious climate infrastructure spending.
"Joe Biden Endorses Deal On Infrastructure With Bipartisan Group Of Senators The biggest challenge for Democratic leaders will be selling the infrastructure agreement to skeptical progressives, who worry key priorities will be left behind."
"Tammy Duckworth Calls On Congress To Better Protect Immigrant Veterans Sen. Tammy Duckworth lambasted policies that allowed the U.S. to deport noncitizen veterans, and called on lawmakers to help bring them home."
Biden Hints At Renewed Fight Against State-Led Voter Restrictions Republicans in statehouses across the country have introduced more than 250 bills seeking to make it harder for people to vote.
Biden Administration Extends Eviction Moratorium For 30 Days The move will provide relief to tenants who have struggled to pay their rent during the coronavirus pandemic.
"Joe Biden Launches Blitz Against Illegal Guns In Response To Spike In Shootings “We will make sure you can’t sell death and mayhem on our streets,"" the president said in his administration's most visible response yet to concerns about crime."
Democrats Press Administration To Continue Student Loan Payment Pause The payments are set to resume at the end of September unless the White House acts.
Kamala Harris To Visit U.S.-Mexico Border Amid Republican Backlash The vice president has faced relentless criticism from Republicans for not visiting the border in recent months.
"Polls Close And Waiting Begins In NYC Mayoral Primary As the first NYC-wide election to use ranked choice voting, results may not be fully counted until July."
"Biden Slams Republicans For Blocking Debate On Voting Rights Bill ""It was the suppression of a bill to end voter suppression,"" the president said."
Nancy Pelosi To Decide Soon On House Select Committee To Probe Capitol Riot Republicans in the Senate blocked a bipartisan bill last month that would have created an independent commission to investigate the Jan. 6 insurrection.
What’s Next In The Filibuster Fight After Republicans Block Voting Rights Bill The pressure campaign to change the Senate's filibuster rules will really ramp up now.
California Eyes Paying Off Past-Due Rent Accrued During Pandemic Residents earning up to 80% of their area’s median income would benefit from the plan that's reportedly being finalized in the state Legislature.
"Can America Finally Do Something On Drug Prices? This Democratic Senator Thinks So. Finance Chair Ron Wyden sketches out his vision for reform, including key progressive priorities."
"Republicans Block Debate On Voting Rights Bill, Setting Up Summer Filibuster Fight Democrats face a key question: Will they choose to protect the filibuster or voting rights?"
"Former FDA Chief Says COVID-19 Variant May Cause Surge In States With Low Vaccination “We need to think about a different vaccine delivery strategy to get the people who are still reluctant or who still face challenges,"" Dr. Scott Gottlieb said Sunday."
"Some GOP States Give Police More Power Amid Calls For Defunding And Accountability Lawmakers pushed back against the police-reform movement in Arizona, Iowa, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Wyoming, according to an Associated Press review of legislation."
"Senator Ron Johnson Loudly Booed At Milwaukee Juneteenth Celebration ""We don't want you here,"" said one bystander. That's ""not how you heal a nation,"" complained the conservative senator."
"Infectious Disease Expert Warns 'We’re Not Done With This Virus At All' Michael Osterholm doubted there would be future national surges in COVID-19 but said ""substantial"" local and regional ones were a possibility."
"Mike Pence's 'Cancel Culture' Rallying Cry Is Too Much For Folks On Twitter The former vice president vowed not to be “silent in the face of Cancel Culture,” and you know what happened next."
Judge Blocks CDC From Enforcing Cruise Ship Coronavirus Rules Florida won a preliminary injunction against the health agency's COVID-19 safety and vaccination requirements for ships to set sail.
"Twitter Critics Go To War Over Dead Capitol Rioter Ashli Babbitt Furious Twitter users blasted CNN for ""normalizing"" violence by presenting Babbitt as both a ""terrorist"" and a ""martyr"" during the Capitol siege."
"Congressman Reveals True Terror Of Republicans Now Downplaying Capitol Riot Arizona Rep. Ruben Gallego said many GOP lawmakers now ""treating Capitol Police like s**t"" were frightened during the insurrection."
"U.S. Catholic Bishops Approve Possible Rebuke Of Joe Biden On Abortion Rights Support The ""teaching document"" is aimed at Catholic politicians who receive Communion while maintaining a pro-abortion rights stance."
"Joe Biden Announces 300 Million Coronavirus Vaccines Have Been Administered ""We’re heading into a very different summer from last year,"" the president said. ""A bright summer."""
"LGBTQ Groups, Allies See Trouble In Ruling Upholding Discrimination In Philly On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously to allow a Philadelphia-based foster care agency to reject LGBTQ parents on the basis of religious freedom."
"Biden Administration Unveils $3.2 Billion Hunt For Pill To Treat COVID-19, Other Viruses Dr. Anthony Fauci said such pills could be ""powerful tools for battling the pandemic and saving lives."""
Federal Workers Will Get Friday Off To Observe Juneteenth President Joe Biden will be signing the law Thursday to officially make Juneteenth a federal holiday.
"Trans Students Protected Under Title IX, Biden Administration Says ""All students — including LGBTQ+ students — deserve the opportunity to learn and thrive in schools that are free from discrimination,"" the education secretary said."
"'The View' Hosts Shred Marjorie Taylor Greene: Apology 'As Empty As Her Head' “If you are learning about the Holocaust at almost 50 years of age, you’ve got a real problem,"" said Ana Navarro."
House Passes Bill Awarding Gold Medal To All Officers Who Responded To Capitol Riot The Senate -- which initially refused to pass such a measure -- is expected to approve a similar bill. The Gold Medal is the highest congressional honor.
"House Passes Juneteenth Holiday Bill, Sending It To Joe Biden’s Desk The day off for federal workers honors the end of slavery in the United States."
"Ex-Bush Speechwriter Dismantles 'The Dreams Of Conservatives' In Scathing Essay There's no contest between the ""contending nightmares"" being put forward by Republicans and Democrats, argued Michael Gerson."
"White House To Host July 4 'Independence From Virus' Bash Even as the U.S. is set to exceed 600,000 deaths from the virus, the White House is anticipating that July Fourth will serve as a breakthrough moment."
"Biden Administration Pushes Plan To Combat Domestic Terror “Domestic terrorism — driven by hate, bigotry, and other forms of extremism — is a stain on the soul of America,” President Joe Biden said."
"House Judiciary Committee Will Probe Trump Subpoenas Against Media, Democrats “Congress must make it extraordinarily difficult, if not impossible, for the Department to spy on the Congress or the news media,” said Rep. Jerrold Nadler."
Justice Department Secretly Subpoenaed Don McGahn’s Records: AP Source It’s not clear yet why the Trump administration sought the McGahns’ records.
U.S. Intel Warns Of More Violence From QAnon Followers Adherents of the bizarre conspiracy theory may target Democrats and other political opponents for more violence as the movement’s false prophecies don’t come true.
Reality Winner Released Early From Prison For Good Behavior The former government contractor was sentenced to five years for leaking information about Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Interior Secretary Recommends Biden Restore National Monuments Trump Trashed The Biden administration looks set to undo former President Donald Trump’s attacks on Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante.
Pelosi Says Trump DOJ’s Secret Data Seizures Go ‘Beyond Richard Nixon’ The House speaker insisted that former Attorneys General Jeff Sessions and William Barr testify before Congress about the subpoenas and gag orders.
Ex-Prosecutor Pulls No Punches With Donald Trump: 'Unabated Crime Wave As President' Glenn Kirschner warned what may happen if the former president isn't held accountable.
'Action Figures' Photo Of Joe Biden With G-7 Leaders Becomes A Meme The picture of socially distanced world leaders standing on a beach in England has gone viral.
Biden Shutters Trump-Era Office For Crimes Allegedly Committed By Immigrants Trump created the Victim Of Immigration Crime Engagement Office by executive order during his first week in office.
"YouTube Suspends GOP Sen. Ron Johnson For COVID-19 'Misinformation' The Wisconsin Republican's one-week ban from uploading videos stems from his comments to the Milwaukee Press Club event, which were posted on the platform."
"Watergate Figure John Dean: New Donald Trump Scandal Is ‘Nixon On Stilts And Steroids’ “It is beyond Nixon,"" the former White House counsel said of the Trump Justice Department collecting private information about members of Congress."
"Republicans Push To Export Absurd Arizona-Style Election Audits To Other States GOP lawmakers from Pennsylvania, Michigan and Georgia want to conduct unnecessary, conspiratorial audits of the 2020 election in their home states."
"Senate Leaders Demand Bill Barr, Jeff Sessions Testify About 'Shocking' Trump Data Seizure The former attorneys general are subject to a subpoena if they refuse."
Unemployment Benefit Cuts Start This Weekend Four Republican-led states are dropping federal unemployment benefits after Saturday.
"Ex-GOP Rep. Tells Republicans: Ditch ‘Patron Saint Of Sore Losers' Donald Trump Donald Trump ""is not the future"" of the GOP, Virginia Republican Barbara Comstock wrote in a damning opinion essay for The New York Times."
"Biden White House Drops Trump Orders Trying To Ban TikTok, WeChat The administration will conduct its own review of potential security risks posed by apps tied to China."
"Democratic Senate Hopeful In Missouri Mocks Opponent Who Pointed Gun At BLM Protesters In an ad, Lucas Kunce called out Republican Mark McCloskey, who notoriously pointed a gun at racial justice protesters walking by his mansion last year."
"Senate Report Details Sweeping Failures Around Jan. 6 U.S. Capitol Attack The review uncovered broad government, military and law enforcement missteps before the violent attack."
Washington State Approves 'Joints For Jabs' COVID-19 Vaccine Promotion The Evergreen State is allowing cannabis retailers to offer a free joint to people getting their coronavirus shot in an effort to increase vaccinations.
"Senate Passes Legislation To Support Victims Of Mysterious ‘Havana Syndrome’ Sen. Susan Collins said government officials should be treated the ""same way we would treat a soldier who suffered a traumatic injury on the battlefield.”"
Schumer: Senate Report 'Strengthened Argument' For Jan. 6 Commission Republicans successfully used the filibuster to block House-approved legislation to create an independent commission on the Capitol riot last month.
'A Lot Of Anxiety' For Democrats As Biden Agenda Stalls The party's progressive wing is growing increasingly restless as campaign promises go undone.
"David Attenborough Says Climate Change Is A ‘Crime’ Humanity Has Inflicted On The Planet The documentarian reiterated his grief that society has destroyed large swaths of the natural world, but said humanity is “not beyond redemption.”"
"Protest Erupts Again Over Black Man Killed By Minnesota Deputies Two members of a U.S. Marshals task force fatally shot Winston Boogie Smith Jr. while he was inside a parked vehicle, authorities said."
"Manchin Says He'll Vote Against Voting Rights Bill, Dooming Dems' Election Overhaul Efforts The West Virginia senator's unwillingness to back legislation without Republican support could jeopardize Democrats' ability to pass key bills."
"Major Kyrsten Sinema Supporter Says Abolish Filibuster Or Get Out Of The Senate Former Arizona Attorney General Grant Woods prominently backed Sinema, but he says she now needs to support getting rid of the filibuster."
Kamala Harris Will Go Around Congress To Build Support For Voting Rights The vice president will work with corporations and civil rights groups to battle GOP efforts to restrict voting.
"Ted Cruz Tries A Monty Python Crack And Twitter Users Run Away The Texas Republican's own ""run away"" moment came back to haunt him."
"High School Valedictorian Uses Speech To Blast Texas' New Abortion Ban “I refuse to give up this platform to promote complacency and peace, when there is a war on my body and a war on my rights,” Paxton Smith said."
"Conservative Columnist Warns Of GOP Plot To Steal 2024 Election ""I hope I am being overly alarmist. I really do,"" Max Boot wrote in The Washington Post."
"Biden Administration To Suspend Trump-Era Oil Leases In Arctic Refuge Biden had vowed during the campaign to “reverse the Trump administration’s assaults on America’s natural treasures,"" including the Alaska refuge."
Marjorie Taylor Greene Tweets About Racism And It's Too Much For Twitter The GOP lawmaker did not wow critics with her insights.
"Texas Democrats Block Harsh Voting Bill By Walking Out En Masse The bill would crack down on absentee voting, drive-through voting and more — and Texas Republicans could still pass it."
Juan Williams: 'Extremism Among Republicans Is Paralyzing Congress' The Fox News political analyst blasted the GOP in a Memorial Day essay to remember.
"Trump CFO 'Perjured Himself,' Felt 'Enabled' With Boss In White House: Ex-Daughter-In-Law And Trump Organization Chief Financial Officer Allen Weisselberg will ""flip"" on Trump to save his sons, spilled Jennifer Weisselberg."
"'A Defining Historical Moment': Raphael Warnock On The GOP's Blockade Of Jan. 6 Commission “All of us are here as representatives of a democracy that folks on the other side have decided they’re not willing to defend,"" said Georgia's first Black senator."
Experts Believe Prosecutors Are Mulling 'Little RICO' Mob Law Against Trump Org: Report Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance Jr. may be looking at Donald Trump's business as a possible criminal enterprise.
"Conservative Pundit Hits GOP With A Scathing Question CNN commentator S.E. Cupp slammed the ""gibberish"" and ""nonsense"" coming from elected Republicans."
Rep. Gerry Connolly Calls On Biden To Create Jan. 6 Commission After 'Cowardly' GOP Vote The powerful Democrat urged a presidential investigation into the Capitol riot in lieu of the congressional one blocked by Senate Republicans.
GOP Accused Of Betraying America In Progressive PAC's Stinging New Ad MeidasTouch's #GOPBetrayedAmerica spot calls out Republican opposition to a commission to investigate the Jan. 6 insurrection.
"CEO Pay Rises To $12.7M Even As Pandemic Ravages Economy Pay packages rose yet again last year for the CEOs of the biggest companies, even though the pandemic sent the economy to its worst quarter on record."
"Officer Brian Sicknick's Grieving Mom Hits The Hill To Plead For Jan. 6 Commission Senators are “supposed to uphold the Constitution, and right now I don’t think they’re doing it,"" said the fallen officer's mother."
Twitter Erupts After Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Breaks Out ‘Mexican Accent’ The 'QAnon congresswoman' pulled another outrageous stunt.
New York City’s Rising Left Is Losing The Mayor’s Race The backlash to Bill de Blasio and a sex scandal are thwarting progressive momentum.
Disability Rights Groups Join Lawsuit Over Georgia Voter Suppression Law The Georgia-based groups state in an amended complaint that the law violates the Americans with Disabilities Act by discriminating against disabled voters.
"He Called FBI Agents Nazis. The Feds Just Arrested Him For Storming The Capitol. In multiple tweets, Adam Weibling defended the Capitol riot and described its participants as ""patriots"" and ""brave."""
"Growing Mystery Of Suspected Energy Attacks Draws U.S. Concern Is an adversary using a microwave or radio wave weapon to attack the brains of U.S. diplomats, spies and military personnel?"
Donald Trump's Much-Touted Blog Pretty Much A Flop As Interest Fades: Report The only way followers can react to Trump on his blog is to click on a heart.
"Ivanka Trump In A Fog In Deposition About Role Of Investigated Top Trump Executive After working for years in the Trump Organization, she apparently couldn't recall Allen Weisselberg has been the company's chief financial officer for decades."
Biden To Host Family Of George Floyd On 1-Year Anniversary Of His Death A bipartisan group of lawmakers is still working on a version of a policing overhaul bill that could pass the Senate.
"Palestinians In The U.S. Fear For Their Families In Gaza: ‘Are You Still Alive?’ Even after Israel agreed to a cease-fire, Palestinians in the United States worry about the long-term impact on their families."
"Ex-Bush Aide Gives Chilling Reality Check About Continued GOP Capitulation To Trump Peter Wehner pointed out where ""things really get dangerous"" with Republican repetition of the ex-president's election lies."
"Matt Gaetz's Ex-Girlfriend Reportedly Agrees To Cooperate With Sex Trafficking Investigators News follows a plea deal by Joel Greenberg, a friend of the Republican lawmaker, in exchange for testimony against ""other men"" involved in a sex ring."
"CNN Drops Rick Santorum After Racist Comments About Native Americans The former GOP senator lost his contract with the network after claiming there was ""nothing"" in America before white colonizers arrived."
"Biden Says He Won't Allow His DOJ To Seize Reporters' Records It's ""simply wrong,"" Biden says of the actions the Trump administration took."
White House Offers GOP $1.7 Trillion Infrastructure Plan The Biden administration shrunk its proposal from the initial $2.3 trillion plan put forward by President Joe Biden.
Biden Says There Is 'No Shift' In U.S. Commitment To Israel's Security Progressive Democrats have been calling for a firmer stance against Israel’s treatment of Palestinians after more than 240 were killed by Israeli airstrikes.
"Ex-Secret Service Agent Details 'Shockingly' Racist Abuse Endured By Michelle Obama ""They could say whatever they wanted so long as there was no imminent threat of harm,"" Evy Poumpouras said of the racism leveled at the former first lady."
"Michael Cohen Reveals When And How Trump Will Flip On His Own Family To Avoid Jail Trump's former attorney said they could all be getting ""some orange jumpsuits"" soon."
"Appeals Court Hears Case Of 3 Ex-Cops Charged In George Floyd Death Thomas Lane, J. Kueng and Tou Thao are scheduled to face trial next March on charges of aiding and abetting second-degree murder and manslaughter."
Pittsburgh On Its Way To Electing First Black Mayor Ed Gainey won the democratic primary and is all but assured a victory in the general election in November.
"Kamala Harris: 'Asian Americans Have The Right To Be Recognized As Americans' The vice president spoke of the rise in anti-Asian racism, saying: “As a member of this community, I share in that outrage and grief.”"
"Biden, In Netanyahu Call, Urges 'Significant De-escalation' President Joe Biden asked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to move toward “the path to a cease-fire,” according to the White House."
Laura Ingraham: Left Used  COVID Lockdowns To Groom Public For Climate Change Lockdowns The Fox News host told her crooked conspiracy theory with a straight face.
"Gun-Waving Attorney Mark McCloskey Running For Missouri Senate Seat The attorney and his wife pointed guns last year at racial justice protesters in St. Louis, leading the pair to be lambasted by the left and vaunted by the right."
"Oversight, Homeland Security Committees 'Extremely Concerned' After Pipeline Attack Committee chairs said they were ""disappointed"" the operator of the nation's largest gas pipeline refused to give details about its ransomware attack."
"Nancy Pelosi Calls For Cease-Fire Between Israel And Hamas While Joe Biden “expressed support” for a cease-fire, progressive Democrats are demanding a more forceful stance as Israeli forces killed over 200 Palestinians."
Congress Sends Anti-Asian Hate Crimes Bill To Biden's Desk The House passed legislation that aims to address the nationwide uptick in violence toward Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.
Progressives Ask Biden Not To Name Pharma Allies To Top Patent Posts Liberal groups want the president to ignore corporate-friendly voices and build on his decision to waive intellectual property protections for the COVID-19 vaccine.
"U.S. Commits To Admitting About 250 Asylum-Seekers Per Day, Attorney Says President Joe Biden has come under criticism from progressives for keeping asylum off-limits to many."
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Set To Earn $5 Million From COVID-19 Book The governor is under investigation to determine if he used state resources to write or promote the memoir.
GOP Voting Restrictions Will Make It Harder For People With Disabilities To Cast Ballots People with disabilities reported improved voting experiences in 2020. But a wave of new restrictions could reverse hard-won progress.
South Carolina Law Forces Death Row Inmates To Choose Firing Squad Or Electric Chair The state's electric chair is 109 years old.
"As Biden Stays Mum, Senators Make Bipartisan Call For Cease-Fire In Gaza As 29 senators call for an immediate halt to violence in Israel and Gaza on Sunday, the president has yet to do the same — despite the Palestinian civilian death toll climbing."
Joe Biden Expresses Support For Cease-Fire In Call With Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu A majority of Democrats in the Senate recently urged the president to call for a cease-fire between Israel and Hamas.
Minneapolis Suburb Approves Changes To Policing After Daunte Wright’s Death The Brooklyn Center City Council passed a progressive resolution that will serve as a road map for the city and other areas to overhaul its public safety system.
"Fox News' Juan Williams: GOP's Loyalty To Trump Defies Political Reality A dissenting voice of the right-wing network warned Republicans of their ""losing bet"" on the disgraced former president."
GOP Arizona County Chair Slams Twisted Republican Recount As 'Dangerous' And a county election official ripped Donald Trump as “unhinged” for parroting false complaints about the ballots.
"America's Deadly Domestic Extremism Worst In 24 Years, Reveals New FBI Report Most extremist killings in 2019 were committed by white supremacists."
"Don Lemon Teases 'End Of An Era' At CNN But It's 'Not What You Think' ""Everybody calm down,"" the ""CNN Tonight"" anchor said in a video clarifying his on-air comments."
Rep. Kevin McCarthy Slights Joe Biden For Needing 5 Hours Of Sleep A Night Maybe the House minority leader could use a few more zzzzzs to clear his head.
Colonial Pipeline Reportedly Paid $5 Million Ransom After Hack The temporary shutdown of the pipeline led to a hike in gas prices and prompted panicked consumers to buy fuel.
"Democrats Are Slowly Getting More Critical Of Israel “The myth of shared values is coming to an end,” a Palestinian American activist said."
California Attorney General To Review Police Killing Of Sean Monterrosa The AG said it was “past time” for the community to “get some answers” on the shooting death of the 22-year-old Latino man by Vallejo police last year.
"Restaurants Brace For Federal Aid To Run Dry Before They Get Help The American Rescue Plan's lifeline for restaurants has been inundated with applications, and restaurants worry they won't get more help."
"Nevada Democrats Squander Opportunity To End Death Penalty After a death penalty abolition bill cleared the state Assembly, Democratic Gov. Steve Sisolak indicated he would not support it."
"Black Candidates In Crowded Races Test Democrats’ Racial Equality Push Spurred by recent victories, Democrats could nominate Black candidates in key statewide contests around the country in 2022."
Teachers Union President Is 'All In' On Full Fall School Reopening American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten said schools should be open for in-person teaching in the fall.
"Joe Biden Asks Americans To Stop Panic-Buying Gas And Making Supply Issue Worse “Gasoline supply is coming back online,” he said of the Colonial Pipeline after a ransomware attack. “Panic-buying will only slow the process.”"
'I Was There': Mitt Romney Sets Record Straight On Jan. 6 Insurrection The Utah senator responded to House Republicans attempting to rewrite history just months after the violent attack.
"Arizona Gov. Signs Bill To Purge Early Voters Who Don't Vote By Mail In 2 Election Cycles The new law, which could remove tens of thousands of people from the state’s Permanent Early Voting List, is the latest Republican effort to restrict the vote."
"The COVID-19 Vaccine Patent Waiver Fight Is Far From Over The waiver's timing and scope, plus the transfer of technological know-how and development of manufacturing infrastructure, will all be fiercely debated."
Pipe Bomb Suspect Remains A Mystery 4 Months After Capitol Riot An individual placed two pipe bombs around Capitol Hill a day before the Capitol riot. We still don't know who that person is.
How New York Could Build Publicly Owned Electricity Without Taking Over Dirty Plants A candidate for New York City comptroller has a novel idea for a municipally owned solar utility in a city with little space for giant panel farms.
"Texas GOP Passes Bill To Stop Teachers From Talking About Racism ""It's going to have a chilling effect on social studies and civics teachers across the state,"" said Democratic state Rep. James Talarico."
"Migrant Children Held In Mass Shelters With Little Oversight The federal government is housing around 21,000 unaccompanied immigrant kids, from toddlers to teens, the Associated Press found."
"White House Partners With Uber, Lyft For Free Rides To Vaccine Sites “We have to make it easier and more convenient for all Americans to get vaccinated,” President Joe Biden said."
"Pentagon Chief During Jan. 6 Riot Defends Military Response Christopher Miller, former President Donald Trump’s acting defense secretary, will testify before Congress about the military's response to a Jan. 6 attack on the Capitol."
"More Than 1 Million Have Signed Up For Coverage At HealthCare.Gov This Year Biden cites the new Affordable Care Act subsidies as a reason, and he calls to make them permanent."
California Plans To Invest $12 Billion To Fight Homelessness Crisis Gov. Gavin Newsom proposed a historic investment in affordable housing and rental support as part of the state’s “California Comeback Plan.”
"Kevin McCarthy Says 'Big Tent Party' Is Ready To Purge Liz Cheney It's official: The House Republican Conference will vote Wednesday on whether to recall its chair, Rep. Liz Cheney."
Mitch McConnell Poised For Starring Role In Voting Bill Fight The Senate Republican leader plans to personally argue against a voting rights package during a hearing this week.
"GOP Gov. Larry Hogan Slams His Party's Division Over 'Fealty To The Dear Leader' “It just bothers me that you have to swear fealty to the dear leader or get kicked out of the party,"" the Maryland governor said of Liz Cheney's likely ouster."
Watchdog Says Capitol Police Deficient At Monitoring Threats The Capitol Police inspector general testified on what went wrong during the Jan. 6 insurrection.
"FAA Pursuing Civil Penalties Against Misbehaving Airline Passengers The Federal Aviation Administration as many as a dozen passengers could pay fines as high as $30,000 for interfering with airline crews."
"As GOP Pushback Mounts, Biden Says Jobless Need To Go Back To Work Biden is trying to have it both ways when it comes to unemployment benefits."
"Controversial Arizona Recounters Won't Pound On Voters' Doors After DOJ Complaint Interrogating residents about their votes ""can have a significant intimidating effect on qualified voters,"" warned a Justice Department official."
House GOP Leader Kevin McCarthy Says He Backs Ousting Liz Cheney From Role McCarthy said he supports Rep. Elise Stefanik to replace Cheney for the job of Republican Conference chair.
"Fauci: 'There's No Doubt' COVID-19 Deaths Have Been Undercounted In U.S. A recent study counted 905,000 coronavirus deaths in the U.S., nearly double the amount recorded by federal health officials."
Elizabeth Warren: President Biden Is ‘Meeting The Moment’ The senator from Massachusetts said she plans to continue pressing the president to do more on child care and other issues.
Maryland Governor Issues Blanket Pardon For Lynching Victims Gov. Larry Hogan granted posthumous pardons to 34 victims of lynching. His office said he was the first governor to do so.
"Trump's DOJ Secretly Seized Washington Post Journalists' Phone Records: Report Trump administration officials were on the hunt for leakers sharing info about Russia's interference in the 2016 election, according to the Post."
Justice Department Aims To Crack Down On 'Ghost Guns' President Joe Biden promised to tighten controls on homemade firearms.
"Elizabeth Warren Doesn’t Believe The GOP Is Really Breaking Up With Big Business “Actions speak louder than words,” the senator from Massachusetts said in an interview with HuffPost."
"Ted Cruz’s 2016 ‘Running Mate’ Reveals Why She’s ‘Very Disappointed’ In Him ""I was wrong about Ted Cruz,"" said former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina."
Twitter Users Drag Josh Hawley For Hypocritical Tweet About Amazon The Trump-loving senator used an iPhone to make a Twitter post promoting his anti-big tech book on Amazon.
"Florida Newspaper Rips GOP Gov. Ron DeSantis For Acting Like ‘Tyrannical' Trump And ""like Trump, DeSantis keeps revealing his thin skin,"" wrote the editorial board of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel."
"Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Mocks Ted Cruz's 'Great Dinner' With Trump ""Nothing like reminiscing about attempted coups over a bouquet of flowers."""
"Texas Republican Slams GOP For Hating 'A Good Hunk Of America' ""I don't know what we stand for. We stand for owning the libs,"" former congressional candidate Michael Wood told MSNBC's Nicolle Wallace."
‘Daily Show’ Comedian Mimics Fox News' Faux Outrage To Hilarious Effect Desi Lydic unleashed another round of Foxsplaining.
"GOP Congressman Embraces Cowardice, Refuses To Address ‘Big Lie’ Of 2020 Election A Fox News appearance by Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Texas) ends with laughter about trying to destroy American democracy for personal gain."
"FAA Proposes Fines Up To $32,750 For Unruly Passengers Amid New Zero-Tolerance Policy Airlines report a troubling rise in passenger misbehavior -- often involving refusal to wear face masks -- since the Capitol riot in January."
Nancy Pelosi Posts Sarcastic Help-Wanted Ad To Skewer GOP Pressure On Liz Cheney The House speaker made a bold point with a cheeky dig.
"Ted Cruz's Awkward Mar-A-Lago Photo Op With Trump Gets The Treatment On Twitter The Texas senator and former president have an unusual history, which their critics were more than happy to point out."
"Biden To Support Waiving Patents For COVID-19 Vaccines As vaccination rates increase in the U.S., developing nations — which have sought the patent waiver for months — are facing massive coronavirus outbreaks."
Trump Proves His Hold Over GOP Again As House Leaders Prepare To Purge Liz Cheney The action has alarmed authoritarian experts who point to parallels in the old Soviet Union as well as in Nazi Germany.
San Francisco To Redirect $3.75 Million From Law Enforcement To Black Business The effort is part of the California city’s broader project to reinvest $120 million from police budgets to support the Black community.
"Facebook's Oversight Board Upholds Trump Ban — With A Big Catch The group said an indefinite suspension was ""not appropriate,"" and asked Facebook to reassess the penalty within six months."
House Republicans Try To Cancel Liz Cheney For Telling Truth About Election Cheney could be ousted from her leadership position for insufficient loyalty to Donald Trump.
Judge Orders Justice Dept. To Release Trump Obstruction Memo U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson said the Justice Department had obscured “the true purpose of the memorandum” when it withheld the document.
"FDA Reportedly Set To Approve Pfizer Vaccine For 12- To 15-Year-Olds Millions of kids would be eligible for the vaccine under the shift, alleviating some fears before the next school year begins."
"Biden Announces New Refugee Cap 1 Month After Backlash The administration announced it was formally raising the cap to 62,500 for the remainder of this fiscal year after blowback last month."
"Liz Cheney Slaps Down Trump's Attempt To Redefine 2020 Election As 'THE BIG LIE' “The 2020 presidential election was not stolen,” the Wyoming Republican correctly noted on Monday."
"Bid To Censure Mitt Romney Over Trump Impeachment Votes Narrowly Fails Earlier in the day, the Republican senator was booed while speaking at the Utah GOP's annual convention."
"Susan Wright, Endorsed By Donald Trump, Advances To U.S. House Runoff In Texas The Republican is running for the seat previously held by her husband, Rep. Ron Wright, who died in February after contracting COVID-19."
"Former Ethics Chief Slams Cruz's Warning To 'Woke' CEOs As 'Most Openly Corrupt' Ever Walter Shaub's castigation came after the Republican said his party will no longer give special treatment to deep-pocket corporate donors if they get too ""woke."""
What To Know About The Growing Debate Over COVID-19 Vaccine Patents And Equity One proposal making the rounds would remove intellectual property barriers to producing vaccines and coronavirus-related treatments.
"Former GOP State Lawmaker At Capitol On Jan. 6 Is Photographed Auditing Arizona Votes Ex-state Rep. Anthony Kern, who has touted the ""Stop the Steal"" lie, is also on the ballots he was seen reviewing."
Kansas House Republican Arrested Over Alleged Attack On Student The alleged incident occurred while Rep. Mark Samsel was substitute teaching at a public school in his hometown of Wellsville.
"It's Been 10 Years Since Barack Obama And Seth Meyers Roasted Donald Trump The zings at the 2011 White House Correspondents' Association dinner have been credited with angering Trump into running for office, a claim Trump denies."
"'Radicalized' GOP And 'Twisted People' On Fox News Called Out In Damning New Ad ""Reject these poisonous voices,"" urges the new spot from progressive PAC MeidasTouch."
"Trump Launches Scathing Attack On Rudy Giuliani House Raid: 'It Was, Like, So Unfair' Trump called his former personal attorney, who was an unregistered foreign agent, a ""great patriot."""
Donald Trump Jr. Comes For Rep. Liz Cheney After She Fist-Bumps President Biden He can't imagine people with disagreements being civil to each other.
Biden Urges Passage Of Equality Act As Anti-Trans Youth Bills Advance In Several States Lawmakers in Florida and West Virginia advanced anti-transgender legislation during the president's hour-long speech to Congress on Wednesday night.
"Dr. Anthony Fauci Dismantles Joe Rogan's False And Selfish Vaccination Advice The podcaster's view of vaccines is OK ""if you want to only worry about yourself and not society,"" the government's top infectious diseases expert said."
"Harris, Pelosi Make History At Joe Biden’s First Congressional Speech The president's address at the joint session of Congress will feature the first time two women share the stage as vice president and speaker of the House."
Here Are The Key Moments From Biden’s Speech To Congress The president spoke about what he's accomplished in his first 100 days in office and what he hopes Congress will help him achieve in the future.
"Sean Hannity Questions If Any Science Involved In Vaccination, Rips Fauci The Fox News host said he's ""not anti-vaccine,"" but he has a weird way of showing it."
"'Daily Show' Dunks On Ted Cruz After Texas Senator Tries To Mock Trevor Noah The Republican ""fought back harder against a tweet from a late night show than he ever did when Trump called his wife ugly,"" the show tweeted."
"Conservative Columnist Nails Big Differences Between Biden's And Trump's First 100 Days ""He is actually trying to do his job rather than simply drawing attention to himself,"" Max Boot wrote of Biden in his column for The Washington Post."
Organized Labor Puts Heat On Democratic Holdouts To Support PRO Act The AFL-CIO is spending more than 1 million dollars on TV and radio ads aimed at moderate Democrats who haven't signed on to the labor reform proposal.
Emails Show Oil Lobby Mobilized Democratic Governors' Opposition To Biden Energy Order The effort included helping draft a letter in which Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards (D) pushed back against the administration's pause on new oil and gas leasing.
"GOP Gov. Larry Hogan Issues Stark Warning To Fellow Republicans ""We’ve got to get back to reality,"" the Maryland Republican said of his own party."
"GOP Rep. Lauren Boebert Self-Owns With Conspiratorial Constitution Tweet ""Thank you for admitting that. Bless your heart,"" one critic snarked at the Colorado Republican, who'd riffed about ""smarter"" people in her post."
"GOP Lawmakers Release Surprisingly Great COVID-19 Vaccine Ad “The only way to protect ourselves and your loved ones ― and to end the government’s restrictions on our freedoms ― is to take action and get the vaccine,” a group of Republican doctors urged constituents in a new video."
"Tucker Carlson Tells Viewers To Call Police If They See Kids Wearing Masks Outside The Fox News host called wearing face masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19 ""child abuse."""
"How Many False Claims Did Biden Make In His First 100 Days Compared To Trump? The Washington Post's fact checker tallied all the false and misleading claims Biden made in speeches, interviews and tweets since taking office."
"GOP Group Is Rating Members’ Response To Trump’s Attempts To Overturn Democracy The ""GOP Democracy Report Card"" gives grades to members of Congress based on whether they supported Trump’s lie about the election being stolen from him."
"California Gov. Gavin Newsom Recall Effort Qualifies For Ballot The Democrat, who won by a landslide in 2018, must now gear up to fight for his job."
'Spineless Coward': Kevin McCarthy Ripped For Defending Trump's Riot Response The House minority leader is getting called out over his latest Trump flip-flop.
"Gubernatorial Candidate Caitlyn Jenner Gets Schooled On How California Operates She referred in a tweet to ""Gov. Gavin Newsom's district attorneys."" DAs are elected in California, not appointed by the governor."
Top House Republican Defends Trump's Response To Capitol Riot: 'He Put A Video Out' Fox News' Chris Wallace grilled House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy about his Jan. 6 conversations with the then-president.
Joe Biden Wants To Make Community College Free. Can Progressives Push Him Further? Making community college tuition-free has “no political downside.” Free four-year degrees are a tougher political sell.
"Mike Pence's COVID Rule-Busting Vail Vacation Cost Public $757,000 In Security Costs Alone Pence hit the slopes as his own task force urged strict precautions amid historic highs in coronavirus cases and the CDC told people to stay home."
"After Dodge On 'America First' Racism, Marjorie Taylor Greene To Star In America First Rally After ""Anglo Saxon"" dust-up, Greene will headline event in Florida featuring ""conspiracy theorists and election deniers,"" noted local newspaper."
Laura Ingraham Kicks Up Fear Factor With Desperate New Attack On Joe Biden The Fox News personality ranted about the president — and not “goofy QAnon people” — being “the real threat to our future.”
"Pretend Journalist Tucker Carlson Calls Real Journalists 'Cowards' The Fox News performer-slash-pundit said that U.S. journalists are ""cringing animals."""
"Anthony Fauci Delivers Short, Sharp Shutdown Of GOP Senator's Vaccine Doubt Bluster “Well, there’s a pretty good reason,"" the nation's top infectious diseases expert responded to Wisconsin Republican Ron Johnson's skepticism."
"Ex-Trump Aide Reveals Inside Story Of His Wild Disinfectant Press Conference ""You could see everyone looking around the room, saying, ‘Did he really just say that?'"""
GOP Rep. Lauren Boebert’s Hot Take On Fourth Of July Gets An Icy Reception The conspiracy theory-endorsing Colorado Republican’s bluster about Joe Biden and Independence Day was met with widespread mockery.
"It's Been Exactly 1 Year Since The Most Insane Moment Of The Trump Presidency One year later, many people still can't believe this actually happened."
"Sen. Ron Johnson Says He Sees 'No Reason' For COVID-19 Mass Vaccination The Wisconsin Republican, who is up for reelection in 2022, questioned the ""big push"" to get everyone vaccinated."
"GOP Governor Candidate Amanda Chase Says Derek Chauvin Conviction ‘Makes Me Sick' The Virginia state senator — who calls herself ""Trump in heels"" — faced fierce backlash over her comments."
"Biden Preparing To Recognize Armenian Massacres As Genocide: Reports The president pledged to do so during his campaign, a move that would further strain the U.S. relationship with Turkey."
"House Votes To Restrict President From Imposing Travel Bans Rep. Judy Chu said the Trump-era ban was “always wrong, needless and cruel"" and that Congress should make sure it doesn't happen again."
"Biden Hopes Tax Credit Will Encourage Vaccine-Hesitant Americans To Get One Anyway The money was included in the American Rescue Plan, which Congress passed and Biden signed into law last month."
Republicans Resist Bipartisan Capitol Riot Commission They insist that any investigation into the Jan. 6 insurrection also cover violence related to Black Lives Matter protests.
"Nancy Pelosi: 'Thank You, George Floyd, For Sacrificing Your Life' The speaker of the House of Representatives made the widely criticized comment soon after a jury convicted former police officer Derek Chauvin of murdering Floyd."
"Jim Jordan Asked A Snarky Question About Masks And Twitter Users Did Not Hold Back ""Ohioans, when you're visiting your loved one's grave, remember Jim Jordan was laughing at them,"" one critic fired back at the Ohio Republican."
